The item was wrapped in stamped plastic.
I had emptied my pockets.
Termites invaded the house.
The travelers reached the border.
The office was closed.
The girl ran out of energy.
The woman had lost her place in line.
The girl had held her nose.
The group played their hit song.
The girl wanted to thank the math teacher.
The young campers were scared.
The man banged his head.
The check I had formed was uncovered.
The man's inbox was full of spam.
The sailor was quarantined.
The girl had memorized the code.
I poured the water into the glass.
The man was silent when his friend finished speaking.
The accident was my fault.
The chain broke.
The couple had decided to compromise.
The woman decided to run for public office.
The man had expected low temperatures during his journey.
The student knew the answer to the question.
The man's eyes filled with tears.
The player won five games in a row.
The teacher tore off the student's exam.
I paused to stop talking.
Frozen food thawed.
The clerk pretended to be unwell.
The girl landed in the pool.
Tickets for the film sold out.
The man had lost weight.
Blisters appeared on the girl's hands.
The circus artist was juggling while riding a unicycle.
I lost my patience.
Countries at war wanted peace.
The man took some sleeping pills.
The woman hit the sofa.
The boy squeezed the balloon.
The travelers checked into their hotel room.
I had taken a bite of the peach.
My hands got sticky.
I pushed the door.
Activists boycotted the products.
I had made a hole in the wall.
The woman was envious of her sister.
I poured some wine on my shirt.
The cashier opened the cashier.
The street musician drew a crowd.
The little boy whimpered to the babysitter.
The pilot's radar detected a storm.
The tree lost its leaves.
The boy was in the mood for spite.
The child complained that he had to go to the bathroom.
The child spread the fish food in the aquarium.
The woman's political views had changed.
The bathroom sink was clogged.
The passenger got off the train.
The man pressed the damp flap of the wrapper.
Friends lost contact.
The accountant had mismanaged the company's funds.
I looked at the clock.
I had a cramp in my hand.
The bolt tightened.
The couple signed the lease for an apartment.
The woman had sat on the porch.
The man wore a life jacket in the water.
The woman made a typo in the program.
The girl had bragged to her friends.
The lawn was muddy.
The woman had overslept.
The man had put on sunscreen.
Researchers proved the theory.
Fans whistled during the match.
I had put the combination in the lock.
The crowd thickened.
Snow was blocking the driveway.
The rowers paddled with their oars.
The girl lost control of the bicycle.
I turned on the fan.
The surfers returned to the beach.
I pulled the cap off the tub.
The husband felt guilty of having betrayed his wife.
The ink on the poster smeared.
The boy woke up screaming.
The boy put his feet on the table.
My friend turned his head towards me.
The government had oppressed its citizens.
A boy was lost in the woods.
The woman had traveled abroad.
The man was jealous of his colleagues.
The man had witnessed the aliens.
The man's hair turned blond.
The artist created a new work.
The son moved away from home.
Books fell from the bookcase.
The electricity in the house went out.
We took a ride on the roller coaster.
The bag of popcorn began to pop.
A tree fell on the power line.
The speaker made some politically incorrect comments.
I stung myself with the brooch.
The fish floated on the surface of the tank.
The man had a hoarse voice.
The elevator doors opened.
The little boy slipped out of the house.
The bathroom got flooded.
The puppy did not stray from its master.
The man caught his reflection.
I missed my girlfriend's phone call.
The family scoured the neighborhood.
When I exhaled I saw my breath.
The employees formed a union.
I made an apple tart.
The woman struggled to walk.
Steam has risen from the pot full of water.
All my socks were in the laundry to wash.
The politician's argument was considered absurd.
Everyone was against the couple's official engagement.
The palace was dedicated to the millionaire.
The sales assistant accused the girl of theft.
The nation has declared war on neighboring territory.
The court upheld the controversial ruling.
The girl could smell burning.
It was raining heavily.
The palace was evacuated.
The father could not stand his son's alcoholism.
The lawyer walked up the stairs to her office.
The man was annoyed by his friend.
The girl gave the money to the cashier.
The woman was placed in a wheelchair.
Citizens hung the national flag on the facade of their homes.
The team lost the tournament.
My friend pointed out that I had food stuck between my teeth.
The boy didn't pass the history exam.
The building in the city center collapsed.
The man's girl left him.
The two children reached down simultaneously to take the balloon.
The raccoon went through the garbage can.
The boy sharpened the pencil.
The cashier did not give the woman a refund for the dress.
The scratch on my skin was deep.
The passengers on the train looked at the man oddly.
The child left some crumbs on the floor.
The woman gave her sister a handkerchief.
The man took a mint.
The couple soon left for the show.
The woman had stayed home from work.
The man signed the activists' petition.
The man's heart was pounding before his performance.
I was lost.
The ripe fruit remained exposed to the sun.
The car broke down.
The man hurt his back.
I made a fire in the fireplace.
The woman has stopped jogging.
I knocked on my neighbor's door.
The woman let out a sigh of frustration.
The teacher praised the student.
The woman had run out of eggs.
I met an old friend.
The woman avoided entering the lake.
The student arrived in the classroom completely soaked.
The cursor on the computer screen has moved.
The driver made a detour.
I hung the wet laundry on the drying rack outside.
The woman wore sunglasses.
The man admired the night sky.
I felt exhausted.
The man went to the barber.
The little boy was playing tricks on his new classmate.
I craved a glass of milk.
It started raining.
The building's parking lot was empty.
The writer missed the deadline to send the draft.
The clerk closed the phone in my face.
The wind blew through the open window.
There was a power outage in my house.
The cuturist groaned.
The student tried to do the math in his head.
The child fell asleep.
The girl threw the water balloon at the boy.
The photographer forgot to use the flash.
I turned down the invitation to the birthday party.
I did gymnastics.
I wrung out the damp sponge.
The vacationers reached the holiday village by ferry.
The little girl got a tattoo.
An unknown car parked outside my house.
The criminal has constituted himself.
A robust man has decided to lose weight.
The girl stepped on ice.
The woman had bags under her eyes.
Lava leaked from the volcano.
The woman put on her shoes.
I paid the toll attendant.
The executive went bankrupt.
The man went to the doctor.
I left my bedroom through the window.
The child's fingers were shriveled.
I spat out the milk.
I missed the bus.
The truck collided with the car.
The team has rigged the contest in their favor.
The bottle of the drink fizzed.
The child was locked out of the house.
The doorbell rang.
The man stained his suit.
The girl crushed the toothpaste tube.
Civilian deaths from the war spiked.
The girl tore the bow off her hair.
The man had plastic surgery.
A chick peeked out of the egg.
The prisoner was undernourished.
The man lost his balance on the ladder.
The child burped.
A cold draft entered the window.
The student received a university scholarship.
The girl joked with the boy.
The hungry wanderer has stolen some food.
I called my friend to chat.
The man held out his hand to me.
I dodged.
The girl bit her fingernails.
I turned the page on the calendar.
The husband found out that his wife was cheating on him.
The girl dropped the rubber ball.
The girl made a mistake in her assignment.
The player has tackled his opponent.
I picked the vine tomatoes.
The man wanted to be romantic.
The mercury in the thermometer has risen.
A tornado has passed through the city.
The student went to repetitions.
I felt comfortable.
I polished the stone.
I added some sugar to the coffee.
The man turned the pages.
I hit the nail with the hammer.
The fish bit the line.
The little girl was embarrassed to go to school.
My face lit up.
I dried my hands with a towel.
The man lost his balance on the stool.
Teammates blamed each other.
I asked for forgiveness.
The woman got bored with her boyfriend.
The girl flashed a smile.
The enemy ship exploded.
The man punctured his foot.
Investigators checked the prints at the crime scene.
There was a lot of traffic on the highway.
The national economy was in decline.
The traffic cop blew the whistle to the children.
I rolled my eyes with my friend.
The car ran out of petrol.
The woman went into labor.
The man's hat flew off.
The girl attended her classmate's birthday party.
The boy's forehead was hot.
The man sprayed the perfume.
The electricity in the house has gone out.
The family moved to a larger house.
The marathoner kept a slow pace.
The boy kicked the vending machine.
My friend's dog died.
The business owner's credit card was declined.
The man cursed.
The man was proud of his brother.
The girl wanted to know more about the solar system.
The poster stuck to the wall.
The client approved the design of the building created by the architect.
The man dropped his spoon.
The CEO of the company has resigned.
I arrived late for class.
The man was released from prison.
The family has lost all their belongings.
I stepped on the can.
The girl joined the debate group.
My mood has improved.
The charity has set itself the goal of raising funds.
The car plunged down the abrupt descent of the roller coaster.
I was furious.
The man wanted to see the sunrise.
I folded the paper.
The nation suffered a natural disaster.
The boy's clothes got soaked.
The student finished the book quickly.
The criminal was executed.
Sunlight had entered the room.
I pulled the impostor's hair out.
The editor reformulated a sentence from the manuscript.
The woman canceled her credit card account.
The man and the woman fell in love.
The music was too low to be heard.
The boy's hair was matted.
The insect was squashed.
I opened my eyes.
The neighbor's music was deafening.
The man's family lived in poverty.
The student graduated from the university.
The artist mixed the yellow paint with the blue one.
I changed the subject of conversation.
My brother was released from the hospital.
The park tent rose.
The hostage submitted to the kidnapper's orders.
A rumble reverberated across the stage.
The parents rushed to their son's bedroom.
The woman communicated through sign language.
There was drought in the region.
The cat chased the bird.
The girl changed schools.
The factory owner refused to raise his workers' wages.
The party leader antagonized extremists within his own country.
I walked barefoot on the beach.
I woke up in the middle of the night from the cold.
The mother silenced her son.
My jeans ripped apart.
The boy wore the braces.
Yesterday I practiced in the gym.
The girls kept talking to each other at the table.
The girl landed on the trampoline.
I put a letter in the hole.
The gambler was sure of himself.
The fire spread through the forest.
The child peeled his knee.
The man survived a fatal disease.
I took a sip of the hot coffee.
The publisher fired the writer.
I felt exhausted.
The doctor diagnosed the patient.
I scratched my skin.
The man underwent emergency surgery.
The muscles on the man's arm jerked out.
The man raised his eyebrows.
I excused my colleague's gaffe.
The man stopped smoking.
The woman punched the attacker's nose.
The dart missed the center of the target.
The owner requested that an exterminator come to his home.
I suggested to my host that they dine out.
The girl caught her brother peeking at his diary.
The woman lacked the rent money.
The little boy's hand withdrew quickly.
The company wanted to measure customer satisfaction.
The wooden floor was scratched.
I shielded my face.
The famous statue was burned.
I left the fruit out on the table.
The dancer tore a ligament.
The boy had his shoes undone.
The book had captivated me.
The man had beliefs similar to those of his parents.
The car gradually slowed to a stop.
The man ate ice cream in the sun.
I hung a work of art in the room.
I left work early.
The puppy soiled the carpet.
I apologized to my friend.
The man stood out from the crowd.
The witness lied under oath.
The woman dyed her hair.
Immigrants were caught residing illegally in the country.
The speaker made a joke.
I stared at the sun.
I felt bored.
The steak was difficult to cut.
The woman filed for bankruptcy.
The lights in my friend's apartment were on.
I put the flower under my nose.
The woman felt nostalgic.
The student procrastinated the topic.
My car broke down.
I threw the note away.
The bird flapped its wings.
I parked in the driveway.
The criminal aimed the gun at the victim.
I was looking forward to the weekend.
Lost track of time.
The printout of the document was illegible.
The stadium played the national anthem.
The dressing was bland.
I put some paper towels on the spill.
The woman was interrupted as she read her book.
The plane encountered some turbulence.
The boy jumped.
The doctors gave the patient an artificial limb.
The boy pinched the girl's elbow.
I asked my friend for advice.
The boy walked in the mud.
Several centimeters of snow settled on the city.
The clerk's shift was over.
The tree damaged the house.
The wood split in half.
The family congratulated the couple.
The girl had sent the boy a Valentine's Day.
I nodded at my friend's statement.
Friends tossed a coin.
The timer had gone off in the kitchen.
The woman set an ambitious goal.
The rich man died of old age.
The woman stepped on the flames.
The woman's car was at the mechanic.
I fell asleep again after waking up.
The public figure stepped out of the limo.
The woman lingered in the tub.
The college student wanted to meet other students on campus.
I lifted the sofa cushions.
The wasp flew towards the boy.
The woman was charged with a minor offense.
I mixed some sugar into the hot tea.
The veteran walked lame.
The criminal escaped the police.
The laptop did not turn on.
The woman ran out of space in her closet.
The man was heartbroken.
The man got a diploma.
The man's voice spread clearly throughout the entire audience.
I threw a coin into the water of the fountain.
The player hit the ball towards the hole.
I inhaled the dust in the attic.
The store cashier called security.
I took out the garbage.
The family went to the zoo.
The man's breathing was heavy.
I had an extra ticket for the concert.
The air conditioner inside the house had broken.
The boy's back ached.
I bought my mother a gift.
The daffodils in the garden had been destroyed.
I struck the match.
The parties to the dispute reached an understanding.
The children were sent to an orphanage.
The meteorite landed in the ocean.
The hiker encountered a poisonous snake.
The oven got hot.
Squeeze the lemon wedge.
The nation discovered a new territory.
The glass fell off the table.
The table swayed.
The father caught his son lying.
The man's head throbbed with pain.
The train slowed.
The man went through therapy.
The woman grabbed her throat.
The woman had a sore throat.
The dog eyed the succulent steak on the table.
The woman's business was successful.
The students left the classroom.
The woman claimed to have seen a ghost.
The man lost his hearing.
The child let go of the balloon thread.
The man lost the ability to speak.
The woman tripped on the sidewalk.
The man took a bomb dip in the pool.
I took some antibiotics.
The traffic light turned yellow.
The plastic container melted.
The car was dented.
The boy studied all night.
The little boy clung to the poolside.
I put my hand on my chest.
The building adjacent to my office was under construction.
The family wanted to meet their new neighbors.
Water splashed out of the pool.
I ate a slice of watermelon.
The boy stumbled.
The woman put on the headphones.
I filled my water bottle.
The TV show was censored.
The ship was wrecked.
The boy was perplexed about the riddle.
The phone rang.
The woman was staring at me.
The group left the museum.
The man started arguing with me.
The tire of my bike was on the ground.
The girl looked pale.
The pen was out of ink.
The man was refused a loan.
The girl stayed home from school.
The garbage can was full.
I vacuumed the carpet.
The man went into a rage.
The girl threw a twig into the bonfire.
The man got out of the shower.
Parents wanted their children to go to college.
The man untied his shoes.
The man ate half of the first.
My ankle was swollen.
The door to my office was open.
I had to wait in line.
The man swatted the fly.
The man wrote a will.
The runner sensed that his rival was on his way.
I thought about the problem carefully.
The traveler walked on the rickety suspension bridge.
The man had predicted the team's victory.
The boy could not fall asleep.
