The device was wrapped in a blind bag.
I left my bags empty.
Ants invaded the house.
Travelers have reached the border.
The office was closed.
The girl lost strength.
The woman has lost her place in the line.
Do not pinch his nose.
The band played their favorite song.
The girl wanted to thank her math teacher.
The little camper felt nervous.
The man hit his head.
The check I wrote has been dropped.
The man's email inbox is full of spam.
The sailor was isolated.
The girl memorized the code.
I poured water into a glass.
The man remained silent as his friend finished speaking.
The accident was my fault.
The necklace was far apart.
The couple decided to come to an agreement.
The woman has decided to run a public office.
The man anticipated the cold weather on his journey.
The student knew the answer to the question.
The man's eyes filled with tears.
The player won ten games in a row.
The teacher broke the student's test.
I hesitated to stop talking.
Frozen food melted.
The employee forged the bite.
The girl went down into the pool.
Movie tickets are all sold out.
The man has lost weight.
The girl's hands were blisters.
The acrobat tricked while riding a single-ring bike.
I have lost my patience.
The warring nations wanted peace.
The man was taking sleeping pills.
The woman was hit by a chair.
The boy blew the balloon.
Travelers inspected the inside of their hotel room.
I bit the flu.
My hand has been sticking out.
I pushed the door open.
Activists boycotted the product.
I drilled a hole in the wall.
The woman was jealous of her sister.
I poured wine over my shirt.
The cashier opened the cash books.
The musician performing in the street attracted the crowd.
The little boy cried for his guardian.
The pilot's radar detected a storm.
The tree dropped its leaves.
The boy was in a state of shock.
The child regretted that he wanted to go to the toilet.
The baby sprayed fish food into the tank.
The woman's political outlook changed.
The toilet sink was clogged.
The passengers got out of the train.
The men pushed down the damp wing wing.
Friends lost contact.
The accountant failed to manage the company's finances.
I looked at the clock.
My hand ached.
Komeo tightened.
The couple signed a rental agreement for the apartment.
The woman sat outside on the council.
The man was wearing a life jacket.
The woman made a mistake inside the text processor.
The girl bragged to her friends.
The garden was muddy.
The woman was fast asleep.
The man is wearing a sunscreen.
Researchers confirmed the theory.
Fans at the match roared.
I inserted the secret numbers into the lock.
The crowd increased.
The ice had blocked the way.
The rowers pounded their oars.
The girl lost the direction of her bike.
I turned on the fan.
The sailors at sea returned to shore.
I pulled the faucet plug into the bathtub.
The husband felt guilty about insulting his wife.
The ink on the poster stuck.
The baby woke up crying.
The boy put his feet on the table.
My friend turned his head to my side.
The government oppressed its citizens.
The boy disappeared into the forest.
The woman traveled abroad.
The man was jealous of his co-worker.
Man witnessed creatures from another planet.
The man's hair turned golden.
The artist created a new work.
The baby boy moved out of the house.
The books fell into the bookcase.
The electricity in my house is off.
We were carried by a container to an amusement park.
The bus bag began to fall off.
The tree fell into an electric wire.
The spokesman made a politically incorrect comment.
I stabbed myself with pins.
The fish floated on the surface of the barrel.
The voice of a dry man.
The elevator door opened.
The young man sneaked into the house.
The toilet was full of water.
The little dog sat next to its owner.
The man found his likeness.
I missed my girlfriend's phone call.
The family was on the street.
I noticed my breath as I took a deep breath.
Employees formed a federation.
I baked an apple pie.
The woman had difficulty walking.
The steam came out of the water.
All my socks are in the laundry.
The politician's argument was considered absurd.
Each refused to date.
The building was specialized for millionaires.
The sales partner accused the girl of stealing.
The country declared war on the surrounding areas.
The courts upheld the controversial decision.
The girl smelled something burning.
The rain was pouring down.
Those inside the palace were released.
The father hated his son's alcoholism.
The lawyer climbed the stairs to his office.
The man has been harassed by his friends.
The girl gave him cash.
The woman was placed in a wheelchair.
Citizens hoisted the national flag outside their homes.
The team lost in the tournament.
My friend showed me that I had food stuck in my teeth.
The boy failed his history test.
The city center collapsed.
His girlfriend has broken up with him.
Two children came down to hit the ball at the same time.
Rakuni dug up a garbage can.
The boy drew a pencil.
The cashier refused to allow the woman to return the money for the clothes.
The scratches on my skin were huge.
The man got a strange look from the passengers inside the train.
The child left crumbs on the floor.
The woman handed the tissue to her sister.
The man took nanaa.
The couple left early for the show.
The woman stayed home from work.
The man signed activists' activist application.
The actor's heart was pounding before the act.
I was lost.
The ripe fruit was left in the sun.
The car broke down.
The man injured his back.
I lit a fire in the fireplace.
The woman stopped running.
I knocked on my neighbor's door.
The woman held her breath in frustration.
The teacher praised the students.
The woman is deficient in eggs.
I met an old friend.
The woman refused to go into the lake.
The student arrived in the classroom with a wet pillow.
The tortoise on the computer screen moved.
The driver took a roundabout route.
I hung the water-soaked linen on the outer strap.
The woman was wearing dark glasses.
The man stared at the night sky.
I felt bored.
The man went to the barber.
The boy teased the new student in the classroom.
I craved a glass of milk.
It started to rain.
Most of the parking lots were empty.
The author missed the deadline for submitting the bill.
The partner called me.
The wind blew through an open window.
The electricity went off in my house.
The weightlifter sprang to his feet.
The student tried to do the math in his head.
The baby fell asleep.
The girl threw a water balloon at the boy.
The photographer forgot to use the flash on the camera.
I declined the birthday invitation.
I practiced.
I squeezed a thin sponge.
Tourists boarded the ferry to the resort.
The boy has a tojo.
An unknown vehicle parked outside my house.
The criminal surrendered himself inside.
The fat man decided to lose weight.
The girl stepped on the ice.
The woman has a circle under her eye.
Lava flowed from the volcano.
The woman put on her shoes.
I paid the prison guard.
The executive went bankrupt.
The man went to the doctor.
I left my bedroom through the window.
The boy's fingers got wrinkled.
I spit milk.
I missed the bus.
The truck collided with the car.
The team cheated the tournament to their advantage.
A bottle of soda makes a sound.
The boy was locked out of his house.
The doorbell rang.
The man soiled his suit.
The girl squeezed a tube of toothpaste.
Civilian casualties from the war doubled.
The girl quickly pulled the ribbon from her hair.
The man underwent genetic surgery.
The baby chicken came out of the egg.
The prisoner was hungry.
The man lost his balance on the stairs.
He hit the seed.
The cold wind blew through the window.
The student got the opportunity to be paid for tuition to go to college.
The girl teased the boy.
A hungry Bedouin stole food.
I called my friend for a chat.
The man held out his hand to me.
I avoided it.
The girl chewed on her nails.
I turned the pages on the calendar.
The Lord discovered that his wife grew up with a side relationship.
The girl dropped the ball.
The girl made a mistake on the test.
The player confronted his opponent.
I picked tomatoes from the field.
The man wanted to show affection.
The mercury inside the thermometer rose.
The tornado came toward the city.
The students got a twig.
I felt comfortable.
I rolled the stone.
I added sugar to the coffee.
The man went through the paperwork.
I hit the nail with a hammer.
The fish pulled the belt.
The boy was embarrassed to go to school.
My facial expressions lit up.
I wiped my hands with a towel.
The man missed the balance on the chair.
The players blamed each other directly.
I wanted an apology.
The woman was fed up with her appointment.
The girl lit up with a smile.
Enemy ships exploded.
The man injured his leg.
Detectives removed dust from the crime area with their fingers.
There was heavy traffic on the highway.
The country's economy plummeted.
A roadmaster blew a whistle for children.
I turned my eyes to my friend.
The car drove without gas.
The woman went into the delivery room.
The man's hat was off.
The girl attended a fellow student's birthday party.
The boy felt a warmth in his forehead.
The man spray-painted himself.
The electricity was turned off in the house.
The family moved into a large house.
The runner used a slow motion.
The boy hit the vending machine.
My friend's dog died.
The merchant's credit card dropped.
The man cursed.
The man pretended to be because of his brother.
The girl wanted to learn about solar energy.
The poster stuck in the wall.
The client approved the architect's plans for the building.
The man dropped his spoon.
The CEO of the company resigned.
I was late getting to the lecture.
The man was released from prison.
The family lost all their possessions.
I was beaten in an aluminum canister.
The girl joined the discussion team.
My feelings were strengthened.
The charitable organization set out to raise funds.
Roll the cast fell down a steep slope.
I was angry.
The man wanted to watch the sunrise.
He folded the paper.
The country was hit by a natural disaster.
The boy's clothes were worn.
The student quickly finished the book.
The criminal was killed.
Sunlight entered the room.
I pulled the hair of the sculptor.
The editor referred to the sentence in the bill.
The woman canceled her credit card account.
Man and woman fell in love.
The music was too weak to hear.
The boy's hair was standing on end.
The worm was squeezed.
I opened my eyes.
The music of my neighbor cried.
The man's family lived a life of poverty.
The student graduated from university.
The artist mixed yellow in blue.
I changed the subject of the conversation.
My brother was released from the hospital.
The curtain in the platform went up.
Teka was sent to the hijackers' authority.
A cry rang out from the platform.
The parents rushed to their child's bedroom.
The woman communicated in sign language.
Drought occurred in the region.
The cat chased the bird.
The girl changed schools.
The factory owner refused to increase the wages of the employees.
The leader provoked the powerful in the midst of his country.
I walked alone on the beach.
I woke up in the middle of the night feeling cold.
The mother silenced her son.
Tobo erupted in my jeans.
The boy wore a gango.
Yesterday I worked hard in the gym.
The girl whispered and spread to everyone at the lunch table.
The baby came down to the trampoline.
I sent the letter in the mailbox.
The gambler was confident.
Forest fires spread.
The child scratched the skin on his feet.
The man survived the plague.
I tossed a hot coffee bottle.
The editor fired the author.
I felt exhausted.
The doctor identified the patient.
I scratched my skin.
The man underwent emergency surgery.
The muscles of a man's hands were numb.
The man raised his eyebrows.
I forgave my partner's mistake.
The man stopped smoking.
The woman punched her attacker in the nose.
The arrow missed the target.
The landlord claimed that the destroyer was coming to his house.
I suggested to my guest that we go out for dinner.
The girl caught her brother reading his diary.
The woman ran out of money for rent.
The baby's hand was suddenly restored.
The company wanted to measure customer satisfaction.
The wooden floor cracked.
I covered my face.
The famous statue burned.
I removed the fruit on the table.
The female bale player split the fibers.
The baby's shoe strap was untied.
I was fascinated by the book.
The man had the same beliefs as his parents.
The car began to stop slowly.
The man ate ice cream in the sun.
I hung the drawing in the closet.
I quit my job early.
The puppy soiled the carpet.
I apologized to my friend.
The man was different from the crowd.
The witness swore in the oath.
The woman dyed her hair.
Immigrants were arrested for living in the country illegally.
The public speaker made a joke.
I looked at the sun.
I felt tired.
The meat was hard to cut.
The woman declared bankruptcy.
The lights in my friend's apartment were turned on.
I put a flower under my nose.
The woman was taken aback by positive thoughts.
The student postponed the paper.
My car broke down.
I rejected the text.
The bird fluttered its wings.
I parked it in a small driveway to the garage.
The offender intended to shoot the victim.
I was looking forward to the weekend.
I wasted a lot of time.
The text was printed on unreadable documents.
The national anthem was played in a stadium.
The sauce lacked flavor.
I put the towels in the light.
The woman interrupted in the middle of reading her book.
The plane crashed.
The boy was shocked.
Doctors gave the patient an artificial leg.
The boy squeezed the girl's wrist.
I asked my friend for advice.
The boy stomped in the mud.
The city got several inches of snow.
The employee's turn ended.
A tree destroyed the house.
The wood cracked in the middle.
The family congratulated the couple.
The girl handed the boy a card.
I shook my head in agreement with my friend's statement.
Friends swung the coin.
The clock turned off in the kitchen.
The woman set the goals she wanted.
A rich man died with a veteran.
The woman stepped on the fire.
The woman's car was in the maintenance section.
I fell asleep and crossed my watch.
The journalist got out of the luxury car.
The woman sat for a long time in the bathroom.
A university student wanted to see more students on campus.
I lifted the cushion pillow.
Nyiga flew towards the boy.
The woman was convicted of a minor offense.
I stirred the sugar in the hot tea.
The war veteran walked with a limp.
The criminal fled from the soldiers.
The computer would not turn on.
The space in the wardrobe ended for the woman.
The man was devastated.
The man got a degree.
The man's voice reached all parts of the audience.
I threw the coin into the water.
The player threw the ball towards the shaft.
I inhaled the dust in the ceiling.
The store accountant called them for safety.
I threw the trash out.
The family went to the zoo.
The man inhales loudly.
I had an extra ticket for the concert.
The air conditioner was damaged inside the house.
The boy's back hurt.
I bought my mother a gift.
Flowering plants in the garden were destroyed.
I lit a match.
The rival parties signed a treaty.
The children were sent to an orphanage.
The meteor fell into the sea.
The wanderer confronted the venomous snake.
The stove caught fire.
He pressed the lemon peel.
The country discovered new land.
The glass fell on the table.
The table shook.
A father caught his sleeping son.
The man's head hurt.
The train slowed down.
The man went through treatment.
The woman grabbed his throat.
The woman had a sore throat.
The dog looked at the sides of the meat on the table.
The woman's business was successful.
The students left the classroom.
The woman claimed to have seen a demon.
The man lost his hearing.
The child cut the balloon cord.
The man lost his ability to speak.
A woman tripped on a pedestrian's path.
The man threw himself into the pool.
I took an antiseptic.
The traffic light flashed yellow.
The plastic container melted.
The car broke down.
The boy read all night.
The little boy clung to the edge of the swimming pool.
I put my hand on my chest.
A building near my office was under construction.
Families wanted to get to know their new neighbors.
Water flowed out of the pool.
I chewed on a piece of watermelon.
The boy stumbled.
The woman wore an earring.
I refilled my water bottle.
The television show was evaluated for its language.
The ship crashed.
The boy was puzzled by the riddle.
The phone rang.
The woman was staring at me.
The group remained a museum.
The man began to argue with the mie.
The ball in my bike was asleep.
The girl appeared to be paralyzed.
The pen finished the ink.
The man was denied a loan.
The girl stayed home from school.
The garbage bag was full.
I cleaned the carpet.
The man was angry.
The girl threw a leaf into the fire camp.
The man came out of the bathtub.
Parents wanted their children to go to university.
The man untied his shoelaces.
The man ate half a pot of meat.
My ankle was swollen.
The door to my office was wide open.
I had to wait in line.
The man hit her with a fly.
The man wrote a will.
The athlete felt as if his opponent was growing closer to him.
I thought carefully about the problem.
The traveler passed through a suspended bridge.
The man relied on the group's victory.
The boy could not sleep.
