The device was wrapped in a blind bag because it was easy to break down.
I left my bags empty because i got another piece of ticket again.
Ants invaded the house because ants left the house.
Travelers have reached the border because the patrol officer inspected their passports.
The office was closed because it was a day of rest.
The girl lost strength because he played the draft.
The woman has lost her place in the line because more people lined up.
Do not pinch his nose because the baby spat in his mouth.
The band played their favorite song because the audience applauded following the music.
The girl wanted to thank her math teacher because the girl remained in custody after school.
The little camper felt nervous because their camp counselor told them about ghost stories.
The man hit his head because he got lost in thought.
The check I wrote has been dropped because my bank account was empty.
The man's email inbox is full of spam because he deleted the spam.
The sailor was isolated because she had been diagnosed with the disease.
The girl memorized the code because he memorized it.
I poured water into a glass because the water quenched my thirst.
The man remained silent as his friend finished speaking because he wanted to give his friend help.
The accident was my fault because i felt guilty.
The necklace was far apart because a necklace was wrapped around the tire.
The couple decided to come to an agreement because they were tired of arguing.
The woman has decided to run a public office because he hired a campaign manager.
The man anticipated the cold weather on his journey because she arranged warm clothes inside her box.
The student knew the answer to the question because he raised his hand.
The man's eyes filled with tears because dust settled in his eyes.
The player won ten games in a row because his opponent accused him of fraud.
The teacher broke the student's test because he arrested a student for fraud.
I hesitated to stop talking because i lost my voice.
Frozen food melted because i put it on the microwave.
The employee forged the bite because he had stomach problems.
The girl went down into the pool because he ran over the edge of the pool.
Movie tickets are all sold out because it was the launch day of the film.
The man has lost weight because people exclude him.
The girl's hands were blisters because he typed the letter.
The acrobat tricked while riding a single-ring bike because the audience cheered him on in surprise.
I have lost my patience because my friend made me wait for him.
The warring nations wanted peace because they developed nuclear weapons.
The man was taking sleeping pills because he has become drowsy.
The woman was hit by a chair because the leg of the chair opened.
The boy blew the balloon because the blind man was healed.
Travelers inspected the inside of their hotel room because they unpacked their luggage.
I bit the flu because fully injured.
My hand has been sticking out because i ate a donut.
I pushed the door open because the door opened.
Activists boycotted the product because products were rated for quality assurance.
I drilled a hole in the wall because the rat crawled out of the hole.
The woman was jealous of her sister because her sister was happy.
I poured wine over my shirt because i wore an apron.
The cashier opened the cash books because the customer searched for his wallet.
The musician performing in the street attracted the crowd because people gave him a coin.
The little boy cried for his guardian because he longed to see his parents.
The pilot's radar detected a storm because the pilot withdrew from the storm.
The tree dropped its leaves because the leaves changed color.
The boy was in a state of shock because he decided to play cards with his sister.
The child regretted that he wanted to go to the toilet because his father gave him a drink and a drink.
The baby sprayed fish food into the tank because the fish jumped out of the tank.
The woman's political outlook changed because he changed his party relations.
The toilet sink was clogged because i turned on the tap.
The passengers got out of the train because the train arrived at the station.
The men pushed down the damp wing wing because he put a stamp on the envelope.
Friends lost contact because they enjoyed being close to each other.
The accountant failed to manage the company's finances because he was removed from his position.
I looked at the clock because i heard the sound of the clock.
My hand ached because i wrote the essay by hand.
Komeo tightened because i changed the scoop.
The couple signed a rental agreement for the apartment because the couple moved into an apartment.
The woman sat outside on the council because he wanted to watch the sun go down.
The man was wearing a life jacket because he could not swim.
The woman made a mistake inside the text processor because he deleted the document.
The girl bragged to her friends because he got a bad grade.
The garden was muddy because it rained at night.
The woman was fast asleep because he stayed at the hotel at night.
The man is wearing a sunscreen because he sat in the shade.
Researchers confirmed the theory because researchers dismissed the theory.
Fans at the match roared because the match went into extra time.
I inserted the secret numbers into the lock because i locked the lock.
The crowd increased because the father gave his son money.
The ice had blocked the way because i collected snow into a snowball.
The rowers pounded their oars because the kayak landed on the beach.
The girl lost the direction of her bike because he let go of the steering wheel.
I turned on the fan because water spilled on my skin.
The sailors at sea returned to shore because they were filled with moisture.
I pulled the faucet plug into the bathtub because water flowed into the basin.
The husband felt guilty about insulting his wife because he accused her of dishonesty.
The ink on the poster stuck because i waited for the ink to dry.
The baby woke up crying because he had a bad dream.
The boy put his feet on the table because his father sat down at the table.
My friend turned his head to my side because i called his name.
The government oppressed its citizens because citizens plotted rebellion.
The boy disappeared into the forest because he pitched his tent.
The woman traveled abroad because he wanted to learn how to draw.
The man was jealous of his co-worker because a colleague was promoted.
Man witnessed creatures from another planet because he was thinking of imaginary things.
The man's hair turned golden because he put a bleach in it.
The artist created a new work because he criticized his previous work.
The baby boy moved out of the house because he had been released from the army.
The books fell into the bookcase because the shelves were covered with dust.
The electricity in my house is off because i turned on the lights.
We were carried by a container to an amusement park because this tool was terrifying.
The bus bag began to fall off because i poured butter into a bag.
The tree fell into an electric wire because the electricity went off in the street.
The spokesman made a politically incorrect comment because he annoyed the audience.
I stabbed myself with pins because drops of sweat dripped from my face.
The fish floated on the surface of the barrel because he was hungry.
The voice of a dry man because she has got the flu.
The elevator door opened because the elevator reached the selected floor.
The young man sneaked into the house because he deceived his elders.
The toilet was full of water because the toilet was overflowing.
The little dog sat next to its owner because the owner kept a small dog for him.
The man found his likeness because he stood under a scattered tree.
I missed my girlfriend's phone call because i called him again.
The family was on the street because the dog ran home.
I noticed my breath as I took a deep breath because the weather was calm.
Employees formed a federation because they wanted a better working environment.
I baked an apple pie because the stench of rot filled the kitchen.
The woman had difficulty walking because he wore shoes with high heels.
The steam came out of the water because the water boiled.
All my socks are in the laundry because i wore plain.
The politician's argument was considered absurd because he lost the support of the voters.
Each refused to date because the couple got pregnant.
The building was specialized for millionaires because the millionaire wanted the building demolished.
The sales partner accused the girl of stealing because the sales partner saw the girl putting the product in her wallet.
The country declared war on the surrounding areas because soldiers were sent for fighting.
The courts upheld the controversial decision because violence erupted in front of the courthouse.
The girl smelled something burning because he pulled the biscuits out of the bottle.
The rain was pouring down because the storm was even worse.
Those inside the palace were released because the elevator stopped working.
The father hated his son's alcoholism because the father bought his son a beer.
The lawyer climbed the stairs to his office because the clerk went home for a break.
The man has been harassed by his friends because his friends cut him off.
The girl gave him cash because keshia returned her change.
The woman was placed in a wheelchair because he was paralyzed from the accident.
Citizens hoisted the national flag outside their homes because the country was remembering their independence.
The team lost in the tournament because they saddened their fans.
My friend showed me that I had food stuck in my teeth because i felt embarrassed.
The boy failed his history test because he was attentive in class.
The city center collapsed because an earthquake shook the city.
His girlfriend has broken up with him because he asked her to reconcile with him.
Two children came down to hit the ball at the same time because the ball rolled.
Rakuni dug up a garbage can because there was cardboard inside a trash can.
The boy drew a pencil because it was easy.
The cashier refused to allow the woman to return the money for the clothes because he lost his receipt.
The scratches on my skin were huge because you cooled down quickly.
The man got a strange look from the passengers inside the train because he was shining down.
The child left crumbs on the floor because sisimizi crawled on the crumbs.
The woman handed the tissue to her sister because the woman's sister folded her arm.
The man took nanaa because her lips were dry.
The couple left early for the show because they expected a gathering around the hall.
The woman stayed home from work because his boss congratulated him.
The man signed activists' activist application because he supported their cause.
The actor's heart was pounding before the act because he got scared of the platform.
I was lost because i counted my money.
The ripe fruit was left in the sun because it was eaten.
The car broke down because i lit a fire.
The man injured his back because she went to see a psychiatrist.
I lit a fire in the fireplace because i was short of wood.
The woman stopped running because he got a pimple inside his rib.
I knocked on my neighbor's door because my neighbor welcomed me inside.
The woman held her breath in frustration because her husband did not understand her concern.
The teacher praised the students because the students answered the question correctly.
The woman is deficient in eggs because he went to the field.
I met an old friend because i revealed the secret to her.
The woman refused to go into the lake because he caught a fish.
The student arrived in the classroom with a wet pillow because his umbrella grew broken.
The tortoise on the computer screen moved because user clicked the turtle.
The driver took a roundabout route because the accident happened on the highway.
I hung the water-soaked linen on the outer strap because then it dried up.
The woman was wearing dark glasses because the sunlight was bright.
The man stared at the night sky because he wished it were summer.
I felt bored because i went to bed early.
The man went to the barber because she was growing her hair.
The boy teased the new student in the classroom because the boy welcomed the new student.
I craved a glass of milk because i used to eat biscuits.
It started to rain because the driver turned on the flashlights.
Most of the parking lots were empty because i parked in the middle of the street.
The author missed the deadline for submitting the bill because he was given a restraining order by the author.
The partner called me because i wanted to talk to the supervisor.
The wind blew through an open window because the doorbell rang.
The electricity went off in my house because i pulled out the lights.
The weightlifter sprang to his feet because he showed his muscles in front of a mirror.
The student tried to do the math in his head because he stopped the calculator.
The baby fell asleep because the father changed the baby's diaper.
The girl threw a water balloon at the boy because the boy got a concussion.
The photographer forgot to use the flash on the camera because the image turned out to be foggy.
I declined the birthday invitation because i was lonely.
I practiced because i felt strong.
I squeezed a thin sponge because it was wet.
Tourists boarded the ferry to the resort because the rest area was set up early.
The boy has a tojo because he was afraid of needles.
An unknown vehicle parked outside my house because i was worried.
The criminal surrendered himself inside because the evidence involved him.
The fat man decided to lose weight because he stopped eating sweets.
The girl stepped on the ice because he slipped.
The woman has a circle under her eye because he stayed awake all night.
Lava flowed from the volcano because the volcano erupted.
The woman put on her shoes because he knew everyone at the ceremony.
I paid the prison guard because he gave me permission to pass to the prison.
The executive went bankrupt because he sold the company's shares.
The man went to the doctor because the doctor was on vacation.
I left my bedroom through the window because the house caught fire.
The boy's fingers got wrinkled because he bathed for a long time.
I spit milk because the milk had a bitter taste.
I missed the bus because i had been to work.
The truck collided with the car because the truck increased speed.
The team cheated the tournament to their advantage because they won.
A bottle of soda makes a sound because i turned the bottle over.
The boy was locked out of his house because he crawled in through an open window.
The doorbell rang because the stranger knocked on the door.
The man soiled his suit because he found them washing laundry.
The girl squeezed a tube of toothpaste because toothpaste flowed from the tube.
Civilian casualties from the war doubled because opponents of the war marched.
The girl quickly pulled the ribbon from her hair because he tied the ribbon.
The man underwent genetic surgery because he grew old.
The baby chicken came out of the egg because the egg was hatched.
The prisoner was hungry because he died.
The man lost his balance on the stairs because he climbed the stairs.
He hit the seed because he smoked soda.
The cold wind blew through the window because i calmed down.
The student got the opportunity to be paid for tuition to go to college because her classmates respected her.
The girl teased the boy because he lived next to her.
A hungry Bedouin stole food because he stirred compassion.
I called my friend for a chat because i wanted privacy.
The man held out his hand to me because i shook his hand.
I avoided it because fireworks were fired into the air.
The girl chewed on her nails because he was worried.
I turned the pages on the calendar because i marked the appointment on the calendar.
The Lord discovered that his wife grew up with a side relationship because he fired his lawyer.
The girl dropped the ball because the ball hit.
The girl made a mistake on the test because he guessed the answer.
The player confronted his opponent because his opponent got the ball.
I picked tomatoes from the field because they were ripe.
The man wanted to show affection because he met his ex-girlfriend for lunch.
The mercury inside the thermometer rose because i dropped the thermometer.
The tornado came toward the city because the roof of the court collapsed.
The students got a twig because his marks improved.
I felt comfortable because i knelt down on the street.
I rolled the stone because it was slippery.
I added sugar to the coffee because the coffee smelled bitter.
The man went through the paperwork because he was cut with paper.
I hit the nail with a hammer because the nail sank into the board.
The fish pulled the belt because the fisherman pulled the fish to the girdle.
The boy was embarrassed to go to school because he grew swollen.
My facial expressions lit up because i received the good news.
I wiped my hands with a towel because the towel was wet.
The man missed the balance on the chair because the chair shook him to the ground.
The players blamed each other directly because they lost their game.
I wanted an apology because i regretted my decision.
The woman was fed up with her appointment because he asked her questions about herself.
The girl lit up with a smile because her cheeks turned red.
Enemy ships exploded because it passed over me.
The man injured his leg because he dived into the abyss.
Detectives removed dust from the crime area with their fingers because they discovered the identity of the killer.
There was heavy traffic on the highway because i passed a shortcut.
The country's economy plummeted because many people were sick.
A roadmaster blew a whistle for children because they wanted to go where the traffic was coming from.
I turned my eyes to my friend because he told me the truth.
The car drove without gas because the driver was hit on the road.
The woman went into the delivery room because the baby was born.
The man's hat was off because he took off his hat.
The girl attended a fellow student's birthday party because he accepted the invitation.
The boy felt a warmth in his forehead because his mother looked at him warmly.
The man spray-painted himself because she wanted to photograph her date.
The electricity was turned off in the house because i searched for a flashlight.
The family moved into a large house because the young man graduated from high school.
The runner used a slow motion because he wanted to preserve his power.
The boy hit the vending machine because the machine spit out its change.
My friend's dog died because i turned my eyes to him.
The merchant's credit card dropped because he wrote iou.
The man cursed because he cut his nails.
The man pretended to be because of his brother because her brother was given an argument by their parents.
The girl wanted to learn about solar energy because he went to the library.
The poster stuck in the wall because i put a poster over the door.
The client approved the architect's plans for the building because the architect designed the building.
The man dropped his spoon because his hand was shaking.
The CEO of the company resigned because the board of directors dissolved the company.
I was late getting to the lecture because i sat in the back row.
The man was released from prison because his family paid for his debt.
The family lost all their possessions because they sold their house.
I was beaten in an aluminum canister because the bottle was being repaired.
The girl joined the discussion team because he learned to use computers.
My feelings were strengthened because i listened to music.
The charitable organization set out to raise funds because they fed the homeless.
Roll the cast fell down a steep slope because the passengers laughed.
I was angry because i checked the mailbox as i left the house.
The man wanted to watch the sunrise because he traveled north.
He folded the paper because i reworked the paper.
The country was hit by a natural disaster because leaders of other countries formed alliances.
The boy's clothes were worn because he climbed over the pool.
The student quickly finished the book because it was because of the desire to restore the library.
The criminal was killed because he was sent to prison.
Sunlight entered the room because i opened the curtain.
I pulled the hair of the sculptor because her artificial hair fell out.
The editor referred to the sentence in the bill because he found the bill compelling.
The woman canceled her credit card account because he discovered the card did not exist.
Man and woman fell in love because they attended college.
The music was too weak to hear because i added sound.
The boy's hair was standing on end because the girl held on to the hair.
The worm was squeezed because i sprayed myself with insect repellent.
I opened my eyes because i woke up.
The music of my neighbor cried because i asked him to lower his voice.
The man's family lived a life of poverty because he laughed at his income.
The student graduated from university because he looked for a job.
The artist mixed yellow in blue because the color spread all over the place.
I changed the subject of the conversation because i ran out of things to talk about.
My brother was released from the hospital because i welcomed him back home.
The curtain in the platform went up because the opening scene of the drama began.
Teka was sent to the hijackers' authority because the kidnapper threatened to hurt the abductor.
A cry rang out from the platform because the musician kicked his leg.
The parents rushed to their child's bedroom because the baby woke up and screamed from the nightmare.
The woman communicated in sign language because he was born prematurely.
Drought occurred in the region because the water was polluted.
The cat chased the bird because the plane flew.
The girl changed schools because the school was closed for the summer.
The factory owner refused to increase the wages of the employees because the owner appointed a new manager.
The leader provoked the powerful in the midst of his country because the powerful persuaded him.
I walked alone on the beach because the sand froze to my feet.
I woke up in the middle of the night feeling cold because i wore light pants.
The mother silenced her son because her baby smiled.
Tobo erupted in my jeans because i unzipped my jeans.
The boy wore a gango because he got a hole in his teeth.
Yesterday I worked hard in the gym because today i woke up with muscle pain.
The girl whispered and spread to everyone at the lunch table because the other students sat down at the lunch table.
The baby came down to the trampoline because he flew back into the sky.
I sent the letter in the mailbox because the post office received a letter.
The gambler was confident because he deposited all his money.
Forest fires spread because the wind was strong.
The child scratched the skin on his feet because his mother took him to her room.
The man survived the plague because he signed his will (consent).
I tossed a hot coffee bottle because i bit my tongue.
The editor fired the author because the author avoided bias in his stories.
I felt exhausted because i slept all day.
The doctor identified the patient because he noticed the symptoms of the patient.
I scratched my skin because i was sweating.
The man underwent emergency surgery because he lost his temper.
The muscles of a man's hands were numb because he folded his arms.
The man raised his eyebrows because he was wondering.
I forgave my partner's mistake because i believed his intentions were good.
The man stopped smoking because he started practicing more.
The woman punched her attacker in the nose because the body of his attacker died.
The arrow missed the target because the man targeted the wrong.
The landlord claimed that the destroyer was coming to his house because he discovered a mouse under the house.
I suggested to my guest that we go out for dinner because i was too tired to prepare anything.
The girl caught her brother reading his diary because he began to hide his diary.
The woman ran out of money for rent because he worked overtime.
The baby's hand was suddenly restored because he touched the hot stove.
The company wanted to measure customer satisfaction because they offered discounts to new customers.
The wooden floor cracked because the boy threw the pillows on the couch.
I covered my face because my enemy blamed me.
The famous statue burned because it was struck by light.
I removed the fruit on the table because the fruit yielded seeds.
The female bale player split the fibers because he pointed his toes.
The baby's shoe strap was untied because he learned how to close it.
I was fascinated by the book because i returned the book.
The man had the same beliefs as his parents because her parents persuaded her.
The car began to stop slowly because it ran out of gas.
The man ate ice cream in the sun because the ice cream lost its flavor.
I hung the drawing in the closet because the carpet looked dirty.
I quit my job early because i had a headache.
The puppy soiled the carpet because he himself rebuked the puppy.
I apologized to my friend because my friend forgave me.
The man was different from the crowd because he carried a shoulder bag.
The witness swore in the oath because he completed his testimony.
The woman dyed her hair because he wanted to look new.
Immigrants were arrested for living in the country illegally because they got jobs.
The public speaker made a joke because the audience cried.
I looked at the sun because the sun beat down on me.
I felt tired because i took a deep breath through my nose.
The meat was hard to cut because the knife was missing.
The woman declared bankruptcy because he received a cash payment.
The lights in my friend's apartment were turned on because i wondered if he was out.
I put a flower under my nose because petals provided flowers.
The woman was taken aback by positive thoughts because he got along with his childhood friend.
The student postponed the paper because he sent the paper early.
My car broke down because i went to the shops.
I rejected the text because it was unknown.
The bird fluttered its wings because she laid eggs.
I parked it in a small driveway to the garage because the garage was open.
The offender intended to shoot the victim because the criminal put the gun down.
I was looking forward to the weekend because i planned to attend my uncle's funeral.
I wasted a lot of time because i had a lot of good ideas.
The text was printed on unreadable documents because the printer had a little ink.
The national anthem was played in a stadium because the fans turned to the flag.
The sauce lacked flavor because i handled it.
I put the towels in the light because the towel absorbed the liquid.
The woman interrupted in the middle of reading her book because he put a mark on the paper.
The plane crashed because the man tightened his seat belt.
The boy was shocked because the girl ignored him.
Doctors gave the patient an artificial leg because they released his leg.
The boy squeezed the girl's wrist because he made an effort to move her shoulder.
I asked my friend for advice because i appreciated his comment.
The boy stomped in the mud because the mud rolled in his shoes.
The city got several inches of snow because schools were closed.
The employee's turn ended because he went home for a day.
A tree destroyed the house because a tree fell on the roof.
The wood cracked in the middle because i added wood to the fire.
The family congratulated the couple because the couple announced their separation.
The girl handed the boy a card because he loved her.
I shook my head in agreement with my friend's statement because i was confused.
Friends swung the coin because they wanted to find the right one.
The clock turned off in the kitchen because the man unloaded the vegetables in the refrigerator.
The woman set the goals she wanted because he did not reach it.
A rich man died with a veteran because her son had legal problems.
The woman stepped on the fire because the fire was extinguished.
The woman's car was in the maintenance section because the driver's license had expired.
I fell asleep and crossed my watch because i prepared breakfast.
The journalist got out of the luxury car because the camera flashed in its side.
The woman sat for a long time in the bathroom because the bath water was a little hot.
A university student wanted to see more students on campus because he supported the brotherhood.
I lifted the cushion pillow because i was looking for coins.
Nyiga flew towards the boy because the boy ran away.
The woman was convicted of a minor offense because he was ordered to perform social services.
I stirred the sugar in the hot tea because the tea cooled.
The war veteran walked with a limp because he was taken into battle.
The criminal fled from the soldiers because the soldier went to the victims.
The computer would not turn on because i dropped it.
The space in the wardrobe ended for the woman because he got a lot of clothes.
The man was devastated because his wife gave birth.
The man got a degree because he got the qualities of the job he wanted.
The man's voice reached all parts of the audience because he greeted the audience.
I threw the coin into the water because the coin sank to the bottom.
The player threw the ball towards the shaft because the ball went into the ditch.
I inhaled the dust in the ceiling because i went to the kitchen.
The store accountant called them for safety because the client spent counterfeit money.
I threw the trash out because garbage brought a bad smell to the kitchen.
The family went to the zoo because the children loved animals.
The man inhales loudly because the kidneys refused.
I had an extra ticket for the concert because i asked my friend to point me to the scene.
The air conditioner was damaged inside the house because i took off the blanket.
The boy's back hurt because the shoulder bag was open.
I bought my mother a gift because i decorated the cake for her.
Flowering plants in the garden were destroyed because the bee stung the farmer.
I lit a match because the fire faded.
The rival parties signed a treaty because they did not want to argue in court.
The children were sent to an orphanage because their parents died.
The meteor fell into the sea because a tsunami struck.
The wanderer confronted the venomous snake because she was dehydrated.
The stove caught fire because i turned on the stove.
He pressed the lemon peel because lemon made a mist.
The country discovered new land because the country demolished the land.
The glass fell on the table because it broke and spread all over the floor.
The table shook because the floor was not exactly the same.
A father caught his sleeping son because her son admitted the truth.
The man's head hurt because she swallowed a chest pill.
The train slowed down because it was approaching the station.
The man went through treatment because her relative has a mental illness.
The woman grabbed his throat because he swallowed his food.
The woman had a sore throat because his voice was heavy.
The dog looked at the sides of the meat on the table because he spat.
The woman's business was successful because he fired his employees.
The students left the classroom because the bell rang.
The woman claimed to have seen a demon because his understanding showed suspicion.
The man lost his hearing because almost lost in the ocean.
The child cut the balloon cord because the balloon came out of the wind.
The man lost his ability to speak because he had a stroke.
A woman tripped on a pedestrian's path because there was a crack in the concrete.
The man threw himself into the pool because the rescuer threw himself after him.
I took an antiseptic because my infectious disease was gone.
The traffic light flashed yellow because the driver applied the brakes.
The plastic container melted because i soaked the vessel in hot water.
The car broke down because the driver stepped on the tip of the phone.
The boy read all night because he skipped the test.
The little boy clung to the edge of the swimming pool because he was afraid to swim.
I put my hand on my chest because i felt my heartbeat.
A building near my office was under construction because my office was crowded.
Families wanted to get to know their new neighbors because the family invited their neighbors over for dinner.
Water flowed out of the pool because the swimmer dived into the pool.
I chewed on a piece of watermelon because unfortunately i swallowed the field.
The boy stumbled because his coat was unzipped.
The woman wore an earring because he was bothered by the noise.
I refilled my water bottle because i drank all the water in it.
The television show was evaluated for its language because it had a ridiculous language.
The ship crashed because the crew drowned.
The boy was puzzled by the riddle because he solved the riddle.
The phone rang because the man lost his phone.
The woman was staring at me because i hugged him.
The group remained a museum because they took pictures of the exhibition.
The man began to argue with the mie because my friend introduced me to a man.
The ball in my bike was asleep because i put the wind in the tire.
The girl appeared to be paralyzed because her father read her a story.
The pen finished the ink because i used a pencil.
The man was denied a loan because he was in debt.
The girl stayed home from school because he had chickenpox.
The garbage bag was full because i sent them to the leaf.
I cleaned the carpet because my colleagues in the room poured a drink.
The man was angry because he turned off his computer.
The girl threw a leaf into the fire camp because the leaf burned.
The man came out of the bathtub because the hot water was gone.
Parents wanted their children to go to university because they set aside money for extra tuition.
The man untied his shoelaces because the shoes were loose.
The man ate half a pot of meat because the rest he put in the refrigerator.
My ankle was swollen because i put ice on it.
The door to my office was wide open because i talked to my colleagues at the desk.
I had to wait in line because i sat down.
The man hit her with a fly because the fly flew away.
The man wrote a will because he was dying.
The athlete felt as if his opponent was growing closer to him because he came out of the competition.
I thought carefully about the problem because i asked for advice.
The traveler passed through a suspended bridge because she was scared.
The man relied on the group's victory because he saw his friend watching the game.
The boy could not sleep because he set his alarm clock.
