The device was wrapped in a blind bag because it was small.
I left my bags empty because i saw a weapon.
Ants invaded the house because ants ate through the wood inside the house.
Travelers have reached the border because the patrol officer accused them of smuggling.
The office was closed because it was summer.
The girl lost strength because he jumped the rope.
The woman has lost her place in the line because he got out of line.
Do not pinch his nose because the baby soiled his diaper.
The band played their favorite song because the audience listened calmly and silently.
The girl wanted to thank her math teacher because the girl brought apples to her teacher.
The little camper felt nervous because they set fire to the campfire.
The man hit his head because he lost consciousness.
The check I wrote has been dropped because i have received a salary increase.
The man's email inbox is full of spam because he sent a public email.
The sailor was isolated because he has recovered from the disease.
The girl memorized the code because he forgot to write it down.
I poured water into a glass because the water was full.
The man remained silent as his friend finished speaking because he was thinking about his friend's words.
The accident was my fault because i filed a lawsuit.
The necklace was far apart because there was a broken link in the necklace.
The couple decided to come to an agreement because they ran to discuss the problem.
The woman has decided to run a public office because he testified in court.
The man anticipated the cold weather on his journey because he traveled with a large box.
The student knew the answer to the question because he didn't care.
The man's eyes filled with tears because he wore sunglasses over his eyes.
The player won ten games in a row because his opponent felt sorry for him.
The teacher broke the student's test because the student's response was incorrect.
I hesitated to stop talking because i was out of breath.
Frozen food melted because i covered it with plastic sheeting.
The employee forged the bite because he wanted a day off.
The girl went down into the pool because he jumped out from a diving goal.
Movie tickets are all sold out because the film gets negative feedback.
The man has lost weight because people are praising him.
The girl's hands were blisters because he rode the rope.
The acrobat tricked while riding a single-ring bike because the acrobat hung from the swing.
I have lost my patience because my friend arrived on time.
The warring nations wanted peace because they negotiated a contract.
The man was taking sleeping pills because he got a fever.
The woman was hit by a chair because he hurt his knee.
The boy blew the balloon because the blind man jumped up.
Travelers inspected the inside of their hotel room because they went to the airport.
I bit the flu because the juice was spilled.
My hand has been sticking out because i got a delicious meal.
I pushed the door open because the door slammed shut.
Activists boycotted the product because products were made through child labor.
I drilled a hole in the wall because dust blew from the hole.
The woman was jealous of her sister because her sister was divorced.
I poured wine over my shirt because i changed my shirt.
The cashier opened the cash books because the client handed him the money.
The musician performing in the street attracted the crowd because he drove the crowd away.
The little boy cried for his guardian because it was time to eat.
The pilot's radar detected a storm because the pilot flew toward the storm.
The tree dropped its leaves because the leaves gathered at the bottom.
The boy was in a state of shock because he decided to play a joke game with his sister.
The child regretted that he wanted to go to the toilet because dad parked the car at a gas station.
The baby sprayed fish food into the tank because fish swam towards food.
The woman's political outlook changed because he became involved in a strike.
The toilet sink was clogged because i inserted a cleaning device into it.
The passengers got out of the train because the train blew the siren.
The men pushed down the damp wing wing because he closed the envelope.
Friends lost contact because they moved to different cities.
The accountant failed to manage the company's finances because she went on maternity leave.
I looked at the clock because i wanted to know what time it was.
My hand ached because my wife and i held hands.
Komeo tightened because i rolled a screwdriver.
The couple signed a rental agreement for the apartment because the city council demolished the house.
The woman sat outside on the council because he thought he saw thunder.
The man was wearing a life jacket because the water was shallow.
The woman made a mistake inside the text processor because he pressed the back button.
The girl bragged to her friends because he won the contest.
The garden was muddy because it was full of weeds.
The woman was fast asleep because he forgot to adjust his alarm clock.
The man is wearing a sunscreen because he went to the beach.
Researchers confirmed the theory because people accepted the theory.
Fans at the match roared because the referee made the wrong decision.
I inserted the secret numbers into the lock because the lock opened.
The crowd increased because the father grabbed his son's hand.
The ice had blocked the way because i removed the snow from the path.
The rowers pounded their oars because the kayak hit the wave.
The girl lost the direction of her bike because he hit himself against the wall.
I turned on the fan because i felt cold air passing over me.
The sailors at sea returned to shore because they saw the pope.
I pulled the faucet plug into the bathtub because water scattered on the floor.
The husband felt guilty about insulting his wife because he confessed his infidelity to her.
The ink on the poster stuck because i poured water on the poster.
The baby woke up crying because he made the bed.
The boy put his feet on the table because his father rebuked him.
My friend turned his head to my side because i waved.
The government oppressed its citizens because citizens registered to vote.
The boy disappeared into the forest because he cried out for help.
The woman traveled abroad because he wanted to learn about another culture.
The man was jealous of his co-worker because a co-worker worked until late at night.
Man witnessed creatures from another planet because he was meditating.
The man's hair turned golden because he put a shampoo in it.
The artist created a new work because he felt compelled to find motivation.
The baby boy moved out of the house because he was going to college.
The books fell into the bookcase because the earthquake shook the bookcase.
The electricity in my house is off because i adjusted the fuse.
We were carried by a container to an amusement park because this tool was fun.
The bus bag began to fall off because i set it on fire in the microwave.
The tree fell into an electric wire because the forecast predicted strong winds.
The spokesman made a politically incorrect comment because he annoyed the audience.
I stabbed myself with pins because a drop of blood rose from my finger.
The fish floated on the surface of the barrel because he was dead.
The voice of a dry man because he quit smoking.
The elevator door opened because the elevator froze in the middle of the floor.
The young man sneaked into the house because her parents prevented her from leaving.
The toilet was full of water because the hot water tank was damaged.
The little dog sat next to its owner because the owner put the little dog in a chain.
The man found his likeness because he stood in a calm lake.
I missed my girlfriend's phone call because i met him for dinner.
The family was on the street because expensive gems were lost in their home.
I noticed my breath as I took a deep breath because the chest felt tight.
Employees formed a federation because their employer added a salary.
I baked an apple pie because a pleasant aroma filled the kitchen.
The woman had difficulty walking because he took off his shoes.
The steam came out of the water because i covered the pot.
All my socks are in the laundry because i wore boots.
The politician's argument was considered absurd because he had been accused of corruption.
Each refused to date because the lovers fled.
The building was specialized for millionaires because a millionaire donated money to build it.
The sales partner accused the girl of stealing because the sales partner helped the girl find her favorite wallet.
The country declared war on the surrounding areas because the soldiers were reunited with their families.
The courts upheld the controversial decision because the couple exchanged vows in front of the courtroom.
The girl smelled something burning because he left the biscuits in the oven.
The rain was pouring down because i ran inside.
Those inside the palace were released because the fire bell rang.
The father hated his son's alcoholism because the father drove his son out of the house.
The lawyer climbed the stairs to his office because the elevator was bad.
The man has been harassed by his friends because her friends bought her lunch.
The girl gave him cash because keshia forgot to give the girl a receipt.
The woman was placed in a wheelchair because he was hospitalized in a stretcher.
Citizens hoisted the national flag outside their homes because the country was going through economic hardships.
The team lost in the tournament because they excited their fans.
My friend showed me that I had food stuck in my teeth because i felt proud.
The boy failed his history test because he forgot to read.
The city center collapsed because the crime rate in the city increased.
His girlfriend has broken up with him because he introduced her to his parents.
Two children came down to hit the ball at the same time because their heads collided.
Rakuni dug up a garbage can because the lid was open on a trash can.
The boy drew a pencil because it was dull.
The cashier refused to allow the woman to return the money for the clothes because the clothes did not fit her.
The scratches on my skin were huge because you left a scar.
The man got a strange look from the passengers inside the train because he was circling alone.
The child left crumbs on the floor because the child put the bread away.
The woman handed the tissue to her sister because the woman's sister began to cry.
The man took nanaa because he was worried about the bad smell.
The couple left early for the show because they received directions to the hall.
The woman stayed home from work because a co-worker took a chance for him.
The man signed activists' activist application because he rebuked them like a madman.
The actor's heart was pounding before the act because he memorized his verses.
I was lost because i didn't open the map.
The ripe fruit was left in the sun because lilisinyaa.
The car broke down because the engine got very hot.
The man injured his back because he stayed in bed for seven days.
I lit a fire in the fireplace because it was cold in the house.
The woman stopped running because he gained new strength.
I knocked on my neighbor's door because my neighbor left his house.
The woman held her breath in frustration because her husband kissed her good-bye.
The teacher praised the students because the students were reluctant to answer the question.
The woman is deficient in eggs because he went to the supermarket.
I met an old friend because i hugged him.
The woman refused to go into the lake because it looked dirty.
The student arrived in the classroom with a wet pillow because his bike was stolen.
The tortoise on the computer screen moved because the user moved the turtle.
The driver took a roundabout route because he followed the truck in front of him.
I hung the water-soaked linen on the outer strap because lasi went into the spots.
The woman was wearing dark glasses because he took off his hat.
The man stared at the night sky because he thought it was good.
I felt bored because i stayed awake all night.
The man went to the barber because her hair was long.
The boy teased the new student in the classroom because the boy did not like the new student.
I craved a glass of milk because i used to bake bread.
It started to rain because the driver switched the car backwards.
Most of the parking lots were empty because i parked it near the door.
The author missed the deadline for submitting the bill because he edited the bill.
The partner called me because i got my id number.
The wind blew through an open window because the curtains shook.
The electricity went off in my house because i turned off the fuse.
The weightlifter sprang to his feet because he lifted the iron over his head.
The student tried to do the math in his head because he was confused.
The baby fell asleep because the father slowly shook the child.
The girl threw a water balloon at the boy because the boy got married.
The photographer forgot to use the flash on the camera because everyone in the picture refused to smile.
I declined the birthday invitation because i was out of town.
I practiced because i was scared.
I squeezed a thin sponge because water flowed out of it.
Tourists boarded the ferry to the resort because the rest area was on the island.
The boy has a tojo because he wanted to rebel.
An unknown vehicle parked outside my house because i called the soldiers.
The criminal surrendered himself inside because there was no evidence against him.
The fat man decided to lose weight because he abstained from caffeine.
The girl stepped on the ice because she trembled.
The woman has a circle under her eye because she sent her son to sleep.
Lava flowed from the volcano because the volcano was calm.
The woman put on her shoes because he wanted to leave the party.
I paid the prison guard because he kept me in prison.
The executive went bankrupt because he lost his possessions.
The man went to the doctor because the man was sick.
I left my bedroom through the window because the house was empty.
The boy's fingers got wrinkled because she rubbed soap on her fingers.
I spit milk because my mouth was dry.
I missed the bus because i was late for work.
The truck collided with the car because the car broke down.
The team cheated the tournament to their advantage because they volunteered.
A bottle of soda makes a sound because i rolled up the lid.
The boy was locked out of his house because he climbed on the roof.
The doorbell rang because the woman looked through the keyhole in the door.
The man soiled his suit because he hung it up in his closet.
The girl squeezed a tube of toothpaste because the girl spit toothpaste.
Civilian casualties from the war doubled because opponents of the war staged a parade.
The girl quickly pulled the ribbon from her hair because the ribbon looked childish.
The man underwent genetic surgery because he looked young.
The baby chicken came out of the egg because i broke the egg.
The prisoner was hungry because he ran away.
The man lost his balance on the stairs because he fell down the stairs.
He hit the seed because he opened a soda can.
The cold wind blew through the window because i trembled.
The student got the opportunity to be paid for tuition to go to college because he got good results.
The girl teased the boy because he grew with feelings of love for her.
A hungry Bedouin stole food because he had no money.
I called my friend for a chat because i felt lonely.
The man held out his hand to me because i slapped him.
I avoided it because the plate flew towards my head.
The girl chewed on her nails because he was shocked.
I turned the pages on the calendar because it was the beginning of the month.
The Lord discovered that his wife grew up with a side relationship because he initiated the divorce process.
The girl dropped the ball because the ball is shining.
The girl made a mistake on the test because he deleted his answer.
The player confronted his opponent because his opponent fell to the ground.
I picked tomatoes from the field because i watered them.
The man wanted to show affection because she bought chocolate for her boyfriend.
The mercury inside the thermometer rose because the weather was very hot.
The tornado came toward the city because the highway was dangerous.
The students got a twig because he cheated on the test.
I felt comfortable because i covered myself with a blanket.
I rolled the stone because it was glowing.
I added sugar to the coffee because the coffee had a sweet taste.
The man went through the paperwork because he tore up the papers.
I hit the nail with a hammer because the nail has rusted.
The fish pulled the belt because the fisherman threw the belt back into the water.
The boy was embarrassed to go to school because he pulled out his crutches.
My facial expressions lit up because i lost my patience.
I wiped my hands with a towel because my hands were wet.
The man missed the balance on the chair because he poured the paint on the chair.
The players blamed each other directly because their coach postponed the practice.
I wanted an apology because i achieved my goals.
The woman was fed up with her appointment because he spoke consistently about himself.
The girl lit up with a smile because his buttons showed off.
Enemy ships exploded because it anchored at the port.
The man injured his leg because he stomped on the broken glass.
Detectives removed dust from the crime area with their fingers because they found weapons in the crime scene.
There was heavy traffic on the highway because i asked for a bike path.
The country's economy plummeted because most people were unemployed.
A roadmaster blew a whistle for children because he recognized them from his neighborhood.
I turned my eyes to my friend because he made derogatory remarks.
The car drove without gas because the driver picked up the fighters.
The woman went into the delivery room because the woman had morning pain.
The man's hat was off because there was a wind outside.
The girl attended a fellow student's birthday party because he bought a gift.
The boy felt a warmth in his forehead because his mother took him to the garden.
The man spray-painted himself because she greased her hair.
The electricity was turned off in the house because i picked up a shovel.
The family moved into a large house because the mother gave birth to twins.
The runner used a slow motion because he saw the last line.
The boy hit the vending machine because the bag of straps was stuck.
My friend's dog died because i hugged him.
The merchant's credit card dropped because he paid in cash.
The man cursed because he was hit on his finger.
The man pretended to be because of his brother because his brother was admitted to law school.
The girl wanted to learn about solar energy because he looked at the stars.
The poster stuck in the wall because i put a ribbon on my ribs.
The client approved the architect's plans for the building because the architect revised the plans.
The man dropped his spoon because he licked the spoon.
The CEO of the company resigned because the board of directors sought a replacement.
I was late getting to the lecture because i approached the podium.
The man was released from prison because he attacked his fellow prisoners.
The family lost all their possessions because their house burned down.
I was beaten in an aluminum canister because the request was struck.
The girl joined the discussion team because he learned conversational skills.
My feelings were strengthened because i made pots.
The charitable organization set out to raise funds because they had an auction.
Roll the cast fell down a steep slope because passengers shouted.
I was angry because i knocked on the door as i was leaving the house.
The man wanted to watch the sunrise because he woke up early.
He folded the paper because the paper was torn.
The country was hit by a natural disaster because leaders of other countries sent emergency aid.
The boy's clothes were worn because he fell into a pool.
The student quickly finished the book because he borrowed it from his friend.
The criminal was killed because he was sentenced to death.
Sunlight entered the room because i opened the door.
I pulled the hair of the sculptor because he shaved his head.
The editor referred to the sentence in the bill because he found the sentence controversial.
The woman canceled her credit card account because he found out the card expiration date.
Man and woman fell in love because they got married.
The music was too weak to hear because i composed my own song.
The boy's hair was standing on end because the girl pulled out the hair.
The worm was squeezed because i stepped on the bug.
I opened my eyes because i rested.
The music of my neighbor cried because i asked him to turn off the cd.
The man's family lived a life of poverty because he earned less than the minimum wage.
The student graduated from university because he did what he loved.
The artist mixed yellow in blue because the color turned green.
I changed the subject of the conversation because conversations became difficult.
My brother was released from the hospital because i rejected him.
The curtain in the platform went up because actors thrilled the stage.
Teka was sent to the hijackers' authority because the kidnapper let her kidnap herself.
A cry rang out from the platform because the musician performed a series of drums.
The parents rushed to their child's bedroom because the baby was afraid to get out of bed.
The woman communicated in sign language because he was born deaf.
Drought occurred in the region because yields were lost.
The cat chased the bird because the plane caught training.
The girl changed schools because he moved to a new city.
The factory owner refused to increase the wages of the employees because employees went on strike.
The leader provoked the powerful in the midst of his country because the powerful killed him.
I walked alone on the beach because the waves crashed on the shore.
I woke up in the middle of the night feeling cold because i drank a glass of water.
The mother silenced her son because her son complained.
Tobo erupted in my jeans because i was trapped in the path of pedestrians.
The boy wore a gango because his teeth became straight.
Yesterday I worked hard in the gym because today i woke up with a sore throat.
The girl whispered and spread to everyone at the lunch table because the other students at the dinner table felt compelled to leave.
The baby came down to the trampoline because he decided to try to roll over in the air.
I sent the letter in the mailbox because the post office hastened the letter.
The gambler was confident because he went home bankrupt.
Forest fires spread because the arsonists were taken.
The child scratched the skin on his feet because her mother put a bandage over the wound.
The man survived the plague because he received a link transfer.
I tossed a hot coffee bottle because i burned my tongue.
The editor fired the author because the author missed the deadline.
I felt exhausted because i read all day.
The doctor identified the patient because she prescribed pills for the patient.
I scratched my skin because it was burning.
The man underwent emergency surgery because he suffered from a heart attack.
The muscles of a man's hands were numb because he pushed his hands.
The man raised his eyebrows because he felt disappointed.
I forgave my partner's mistake because i believed he realized better.
The man stopped smoking because he began to walk early.
The woman punched her attacker in the nose because the attacker began to bleed.
The arrow missed the target because the man was losing the game.
The landlord claimed that the destroyer was coming to his house because he put a box of ants in his room.
I suggested to my guest that we go out for dinner because my guest stayed very long.
The girl caught her brother reading his diary because he got a new diary.
The woman ran out of money for rent because he quit his job.
The baby's hand was suddenly restored because he touched the dog's head.
The company wanted to measure customer satisfaction because they did research on clients.
The wooden floor cracked because the boy dragged a chair to the floor.
I covered my face because my enemy clenched his fists.
The famous statue burned because people came to pay homage to him.
I removed the fruit on the table because flies surrounded the fruit.
The female bale player split the fibers because he shook his ankle.
The baby's shoe strap was untied because he went running in the playground.
I was fascinated by the book because i wasted a lot of time.
The man had the same beliefs as his parents because his parents rejected him.
The car began to stop slowly because the driver fell asleep.
The man ate ice cream in the sun because the ice cream dropped from the cone.
I hung the drawing in the closet because the walls seemed empty.
I quit my job early because my boss conducted the meeting.
The puppy soiled the carpet because he himself gave the gift to the puppy.
I apologized to my friend because my friend was angry.
The man was different from the crowd because he wore a neon t-shirt.
The witness swore in the oath because he was falsely charged.
The woman dyed her hair because he wanted to mix them up.
Immigrants were arrested for living in the country illegally because they were removed from the country.
The public speaker made a joke because the audience stopped.
I looked at the sun because the sun softened my skin.
I felt tired because i went to my home.
The meat was hard to cut because the meat was raw.
The woman declared bankruptcy because he was given a huge debt.
The lights in my friend's apartment were turned on because i decided to visit her.
I put a flower under my nose because i smelled the smell of or.
The woman was taken aback by positive thoughts because she screamed at her children.
The student postponed the paper because he sent the paper unfinished.
My car broke down because i called a mechanic.
I rejected the text because it was unreadable.
The bird fluttered its wings because he ascended on high.
I parked it in a small driveway to the garage because the garage was full.
The offender intended to shoot the victim because the criminal raised his hand.
I was looking forward to the weekend because i planned to attend my friend's wedding.
I wasted a lot of time because i was nauseous.
The text was printed on unreadable documents because the printer was not carrying paper.
The national anthem was played in a stadium because fans ran towards the stadium.
The sauce lacked flavor because i added salt.
I put the towels in the light because the light retained viscosity.
The woman interrupted in the middle of reading her book because he read the book again.
The plane crashed because the man looked out the window.
The boy was shocked because the girl touched him with her finger.
Doctors gave the patient an artificial leg because they managed its vital organs.
The boy squeezed the girl's wrist because he stretched out his hand from her.
I asked my friend for advice because i realized i was right.
The boy stomped in the mud because the mud hit him in the face.
The city got several inches of snow because people hid underground.
The employee's turn ended because he threatened to quit his job.
A tree destroyed the house because the tree cast a shadow on the yard.
The wood cracked in the middle because i lowered my ax to target the wood.
The family congratulated the couple because the couple announced that they had had a baby.
The girl handed the boy a card because he kissed her.
I shook my head in agreement with my friend's statement because i agreed with him.
Friends swung the coin because they wanted to make the right decisions.
The clock turned off in the kitchen because the man handed the pizza to the stove.
The woman set the goals she wanted because he worked hard.
A rich man died with a veteran because his son inherited his wealth.
The woman stepped on the fire because smoke billowed from the fire.
The woman's car was in the maintenance section because he had a car accident.
I fell asleep and crossed my watch because i missed breakfast.
The journalist got out of the luxury car because his family attended a press conference.
The woman sat for a long time in the bathroom because the bath water came out of the ball.
A university student wanted to see more students on campus because he took an engineering course.
I lifted the cushion pillow because i was rearranging the living room.
Nyiga flew towards the boy because the boy picked up the flower.
The woman was convicted of a minor offense because he was placed on a death row.
I stirred the sugar in the hot tea because melted sugar.
The war veteran walked with a limp because he was wounded in battle.
The criminal fled from the soldiers because the soldier chased the criminal.
The computer would not turn on because i added a charge.
The space in the wardrobe ended for the woman because he rolled up his clothes.
The man was devastated because his wife abandoned him.
The man got a degree because an offer for his work was removed.
The man's voice reached all parts of the audience because he spoke through a microphone.
I threw the coin into the water because the coin flashed in the middle.
The player threw the ball towards the shaft because the ball returned to the player.
I inhaled the dust in the ceiling because i sneezed.
The store accountant called them for safety because the client let his front lamp light up.
I threw the trash out because unfortunately i gave up my shopping list.
The family went to the zoo because the children chased the animals.
The man inhales loudly because the lungs were blocked.
I had an extra ticket for the concert because i asked my friend if she could go.
The air conditioner was damaged inside the house because i opened the window.
The boy's back hurt because the shoulder bag was heavy.
I bought my mother a gift because it was his birthday.
Flowering plants in the garden were destroyed because chindi dug up the bulbs of the plants.
I lit a match because brimstone generated fire.
The rival parties signed a treaty because they wanted to rekindle their relationship.
The children were sent to an orphanage because their parents destroyed them.
The meteor fell into the sea because hail began.
The wanderer confronted the venomous snake because she was scared.
The stove caught fire because i threw the pan into the stove.
He pressed the lemon peel because lemon was extracted.
The country discovered new land because the country ruled the land.
The glass fell on the table because it was placed in a pile of clothes to be washed.
The table shook because the floor was slippery.
A father caught his sleeping son because the father trusted his son.
The man's head hurt because he swallowed aspirin.
The train slowed down because it was going against his schedule.
The man went through treatment because she was diagnosed with a mental disorder.
The woman grabbed his throat because he was fed with food.
The woman had a sore throat because he spoke emphatically.
The dog looked at the sides of the meat on the table because he lay down.
The woman's business was successful because he was rich.
The students left the classroom because the teacher gave homework.
The woman claimed to have seen a demon because his understanding matched his.
The man lost his hearing because he is about to die in an explosion.
The child cut the balloon cord because the balloon went into the air.
The man lost his ability to speak because he took a deep breath.
A woman tripped on a pedestrian's path because he heard his name called.
The man threw himself into the pool because the man drowned the rescuer.
I took an antiseptic because my infectious disease spread.
The traffic light flashed yellow because the driver blew the horn.
The plastic container melted because i put the container in the hot stove.
The car broke down because the driver walked while the red light was on.
The boy read all night because he passed the test.
The little boy clung to the edge of the swimming pool because the keeper of the pool grew up there.
I put my hand on my chest because the heart rate increased.
A building near my office was under construction because my office was noisy.
Families wanted to get to know their new neighbors because the families waved to their neighbors from their garden.
Water flowed out of the pool because the swimmer floated in the pool.
I chewed on a piece of watermelon because unfortunately i cut my tooth.
The boy stumbled because his shoelaces were untied.
The woman wore an earring because he pierced his ears.
I refilled my water bottle because i put it in the refrigerator.
The television show was evaluated for its language because it had a hard structure.
The ship crashed because the crew was confronted by pirates.
The boy was puzzled by the riddle because he asked for a clue.
The phone rang because the man received the call.
The woman was staring at me because i felt anxious.
The group remained a museum because they watched all the shows.
The man began to argue with the mie because my friend stood up for me.
The ball in my bike was asleep because i changed gears on the bike.
The girl appeared to be paralyzed because his father touched his forehead.
The pen finished the ink because i signed my name.
The man was denied a loan because he started a business.
The girl stayed home from school because he enjoyed reading arithmetic.
The garbage bag was full because i tossed them under the toilet bowl.
I cleaned the carpet because my dog shed his hair.
The man was angry because he threw the chair into the room.
The girl threw a leaf into the fire camp because the fire was extinguished.
The man came out of the bathtub because he did not see the towels.
Parents wanted their children to go to university because they encouraged their children to play outside.
The man untied his shoelaces because the shoes were dirty.
The man ate half a pot of meat because he kept the recipe.
My ankle was swollen because i smeared lotion on it.
The door to my office was wide open because i heard a conversation in the hall.
I had to wait in line because i read the newspaper through.
The man hit her with a fly because the fly remained stagnant.
The man wrote a will because he had died with his wife.
The athlete felt as if his opponent was growing closer to him because he accelerated.
I thought carefully about the problem because i found a solution.
The traveler passed through a suspended bridge because he was happy.
The man relied on the group's victory because make a bet with his friend.
The boy could not sleep because he counted the sheep.
