The item is wrapped in bubble wrap because it is very fragile.
I emptied my pocket because i found a ticket stub.
Termites invaded the house because the termites disappeared from the house.
The passenger arrives at the border because the patrol checked their passports.
The office is closed because it was a holiday.
The girl was exhausted because she played checkers.
There is no place for the woman to line up because more and more people began to line up.
The girl squeezed her nose because the baby drools on the bib.
The band played their hit song because the audience clapped their hands to the music.
The girl wanted to thank her math teacher because the girl was detained after school.
The young campers are scared because their camp consultant told them a ghost story.
The man bumped his head because he was lost in thought.
My check was declined because my bank account is empty.
The man's email inbox was flooded with spam because he deleted the spam.
The sailor was quarantined because he was exposed to this disease.
The girl remembered the password because she memorized it to herself.
I poured water into the glass because this quenched my thirst.
When his friend finished speaking, the man remained silent because he wants to support his friends.
The accident was my fault because i feel guilty.
The chain broke because the chain is wrapped around the tire.
The couple decided to compromise because they are tired of arguing.
The woman decided to run for public office because she hired a campaign planner.
The man expected the weather to be very cold during his journey because he packed his warm clothes into his suitcase.
The student knows the answer to this question because he raised his hand.
The man's eyes were crying because his eyes went dark.
This player has won five consecutive games because her opponent accused her of cheating.
The teacher tore up the student's test paper because he caught the student cheating.
I stopped talking because i lost my voice.
The frozen food is thawed because i put it in the microwave.
The employee pretends to be sick because he has stomach cramps.
The girl fell into the swimming pool because she runs on the pool deck.
The movie tickets are sold out because this is the first day of the movie.
The man lost weight because people isolate him.
The girl's hand blistered because she typed a letter.
Circus performers juggling while riding a unicycle because the audience cheered in surprise.
I lost my patience because my friend keeps me waiting.
The warring nations demand peace because they developed nuclear weapons.
The man took sleeping pills because he became lethargic.
The woman bumped into the sofa because the legs of the sofa are loose.
The boy squeezed a balloon because the balloon burst.
The travelers checked into their hotel room because they opened the suitcase.
I bit a peach because the peach is broken.
My hands are sticky because i ate donuts.
I pushed the door because the door opened.
Radicals boycotted these products because the product passed the quality assurance test.
I drilled a hole in the wall because a mouse crawled out of the hole.
The woman envied her sister because her sister is very happy.
I spilled wine on my shirt because i put on an apron.
The cashier opened the cash register because the customer rummaged through his wallet.
Street musicians attracted a group of people because people gave him change.
The little boy cried to his nanny because he missed his parents.
The pilot's radar spotted a storm because the pilot avoided the storm.
The tree has fallen leaves because the leaves have changed color.
The boy wanted to play a prank because he decided to play a card game with his sister.
The child complained that he must go to the bathroom because father gave him soda.
The child sprinkled fish food into the water tank because the fish jumped out of the tank.
Women's political views have changed because she changed parties.
The sink in the bathroom is clogged because i turn on the tap.
The passengers got off the train because the train arrived at the station.
The man pressed the wet mouth of the envelope because he stamped the envelope.
Friends lost contact because they enjoy each other's company.
The accountant mismanaged the company's funds because she was fired.
I look at the clock because i heard the ticking of the clock.
My hands tightened because i wrote the paper by hand.
The bolts are tightened because i replaced the bolts.
The couple signed an apartment lease because the couple moved into the apartment.
The woman was sitting outside the porch because she wants to watch the sunset.
The man was wearing a life jacket in the water because he can't swim.
The woman made a typo in the word processor because she deleted the file.
The girl brags to her friend because her grades are not good.
The lawn is muddy because it rained all night.
The woman overslept because she stayed in the hotel for one night.
The man put on sunscreen because he sits in the shadows.
The researchers proved this theory because the researchers withdrew this theory.
The fans booed in the game because the game enters overtime.
I entered my combination code on the lock because i locked it.
The crowd is increasing because the father handed his son some money.
Snow blocked the driveway because i gathered the snow into a snowball.
The kayaker was paddling because the kayak reached the shore.
The girl's bicycle got out of control because she released the handlebar.
I turned on the fan because sprinkle water on my skin.
The surfer returned to the beach because they were drenched.
I pulled off the drain plug in the bathtub because the water drains from the bathtub.
The husband feels guilty for cheating on his wife because he accused her of being unfaithful.
The ink on the poster was wiped away because i waited for the ink to dry.
The child yelled because he had a nightmare.
The boy put his feet on the table because father sat down at the table.
My friend turned his head in my direction because i called his name.
The government oppresses its citizens because the citizens launched a rebellion.
The boy got lost in the woods because he set up a tent.
This woman has traveled abroad because she wants to learn to paint.
The man is jealous of his colleague because his colleague was promoted.
The man witnessed aliens because he had hallucinations at that time.
The man's hair turned golden because he put bleach in his hair.
The artist created a new work because she criticized her previous work.
The son left the house because he was discharged from the army.
The book fell off the shelf because the shelf is full of dust.
There is a power outage in my house because i turned on a light.
We took a roller coaster because it looks scary.
The popcorn bag began to crack because i poured the butter into the bag.
A tree fell on the wire because there was a power outage nearby.
The speaker made politically incorrect comments because he bored the audience.
I stabbed myself with a needle because a drop of sweat dripped from my face.
The fish floated on the surface of the water tank because it is hungry.
The man's voice sounded hoarse because he caught a cold.
The elevator door opened because the elevator reaches the designated floor.
The teenager slipped out of the house because he lied to his parents.
The bathroom was flooded because the toilet has overflowed.
The puppy stayed near the owner because the owner put a collar on the puppy.
The man saw his reflection because he is standing under a big tree.
I missed my girlfriend's call because i called her back.
The family searched the neighborhood because their dog ran away from home.
When I exhaled, I saw my breath because the weather is cold.
The employees formed a union because they want better working conditions.
I baked an apple pie because the kitchen smelled of rotting.
The woman struggled to walk because she is wearing high heels.
Steam rises from the pot because the water is boiling.
All my socks are in the laundry room because i am wearing sandals.
The politician's argument was considered absurd because he lost the support of the voters.
Everyone disagrees with the engagement of the couple because the couple is pregnant.
This building is dedicated to the millionaire because the millionaire wants to tear down the building.
The salesperson accused the girl of stealing because the salesperson saw the girl put the merchandise in her purse.
The country declared war on its neighbors because the soldiers were sent to fight.
The court upheld the controversial ruling because a riot broke out in front of the court.
The girl smelled something burnt because she took the cookies out of the jar.
The rain is pouring down because the storm is more violent.
The building was evacuated because the elevator stopped working.
The father hates his son's alcoholism because the father bought a glass of beer for his son.
The lawyer climbed the stairs to her office because the secretary went home this day.
The man was very annoyed with his friend because his friend interrupted him.
The girl handed the money to the cashier because the cashier gave the money to the girl.
The woman was put in a wheelchair because she was paralyzed in an accident.
The citizens hung the national flag outside their homes because this country is commemorating its independence.
The team lost the game because they disappointed their fans.
My friend pointed out that I had food stuffed in my teeth because i feel embarrassed.
The boy failed the history exam because he listened carefully in class.
The building in the city center collapsed because an earthquake hit the city.
The man's girlfriend broke up with him because he begged her to accept him again.
The two children reached out to retrieve the ball at the same time because the ball rolled away.
The bear ransacked the trash can because there is cardboard in the trash can.
The boy polished the pencil because it is very cheap.
The cashier refused to refund the woman because she lost the receipt.
The scratches on my skin are deep because it healed quickly.
The passengers on the train looked at him strangely because he stared at the ground.
The child left the crumbs on the floor because the ant crawled onto the crumbs.
The woman handed her sister a tissue because the woman's sister folded her hands.
The man took mint because his lips were cracked.
The couple left early to watch the show because they expected a traffic jam around the theater.
The woman stayed at home and did not go to work because her boss praised her.
The man signed a petition from a human rights defender because he supports their cause.
The actor was flustered before the performance because he has a catatonic disorder.
I'm lost because i counted my cash.
The ripe fruit shook in the sun because it was eaten.
The car broke down because i turned the ignition device.
The man hurt his back because he went to see a psychiatrist.
I made a fire in the fireplace because i have no firewood.
The woman stopped jogging because she has cramps on one side.
I knocked on the neighbor's door because my neighbor invited me in.
The woman sighed in frustration because her husband misunderstood her concerns.
The teacher praised the students because the student answered the question correctly.
The woman ran out of eggs because she went to the farm.
I met an old friend because i revealed a secret to him.
The woman avoided going to the lake because she caught a fish.
The students got soaked when they came to class because his umbrella is broken.
The cursor on the computer screen has moved because the user clicked the mouse.
The driver took a detour because there was an accident on the main road.
I hung the wet sheets on the outdoor clothesline because the sheets are dry.
The woman put on her sunglasses because the sun is very bright.
The man stared at the night sky because he hoped it was summer.
I feel exhausted because i went to bed very early.
The man went to the barber because he is growing his hair.
The boy maliciously teased his new classmate because the boy welcomes the new classmate.
I want to drink a glass of milk because i am eating cookies.
It started to rain because the driver turned on the big headlight.
The parking lot of the building is empty because i parked the car across the street.
The author missed the deadline for submitting the draft because she has committed a writing disorder.
The colleague hung up my phone because i asked to talk to the supervisor.
The wind blew through the open window because doorbell rang.
The electricity in my house went out because i unplug the lamp.
The weightlifter hummed because he shows his muscles in the mirror.
The student tried to mentally calculate because he took out a calculator.
The baby fell asleep because the father changed the baby's diaper.
The girl threw the water balloon at the boy because the boy had a concussion.
The photographer forgot to use the flash on the camera because the photo is blurry.
I declined the invitation to the birthday party because i'm very lonely.
I exercised because i feel energetic.
I squeezed this wet sponge because it is soaked in water.
The tourists took the ferry to the resort because the resort has been booked.
This teenager has tattoos because she is afraid of injections.
An unfamiliar car parked outside my house because i became suspicious.
The criminal surrendered because the evidence points to him.
The burly man decided to lose weight because he quit sweets.
The girl stepped on the ice because she slipped and fell.
The woman has bags under her eyes because she stayed up late.
Lava flows from the volcano because the volcano erupted.
The woman put on shoes because she knows everyone at the party.
I paid the fee to the toll booth attendant because she let me through the toll booth.
The executive officer went bankrupt because he sold the company's stock.
The man went to see a doctor because the doctor is on vacation.
I left the bedroom through the window because the house is on fire.
The boy's fingers became wrinkled because he took a long bath.
I spit out milk because the milk tastes sour.
I missed the bus because i went to work early.
The truck collided with the car because the truck accelerated.
This team manipulated the game in a way to their advantage because they won.
The soda bottle hissed because i turned the bottle over.
The boy was locked outside the house because he crawled in through an open window.
Doorbell rang because the visitor tapped the knocker on the door.
The man soiled his suit because he was dry cleaned.
The girl squeezed a tube of toothpaste because toothpaste came out of the tube.
The number of civilian deaths caused by the war has skyrocketed because the pacifists staged a protest.
The girl pulled the ribbon out of her hair because she tied the ribbon.
The man had plastic surgery because he is old.
A little chicken came out of the egg because the egg hatched.
The prisoner starved to death because he died.
The man lost his balance on the ladder because he climbed up the ladder.
The child hiccups because he took a sip of soda.
A cold wind came in from the window because i relax.
The student won a scholarship to go to university because her classmates respect her.
The girl teased the boy because she lives next door to him.
The hungry tramp stole the food because he incites mercy.
I called my friend to chat because i want privacy.
The man reached out his hand to me because i shook his hand.
I avoided because fireworks were set off in the air.
The girl bit her nails because she is very worried.
I turned a page of the calendar because i marked an appointment on the calendar.
The husband found out that his wife had an affair because he fired his lawyer.
The girl dropped the rubber ball because the ball bounced.
The girl made a mistake in the exam because she guessed the answer.
The player turned his opponent down because his opponent caught the pass.
I picked tomatoes from the vine because they are mature.
The man wanted to be romantic because he had lunch with his ex-girlfriend.
The mercury in the thermometer rises because i dropped the thermometer.
The tornado passed through the entire town because the roof of the courthouse was blown off.
The student received counseling because his grades have improved.
I feel very comfortable because i knelt on the ground.
I polished the stone because it becomes very slippery.
I added sugar to the coffee because the coffee smells strong.
The man flipped through the newspaper because he was scratched by paper.
I hit the nail with a hammer because the nail stuck into the wood.
The fish bit the thread because the fisherman collected the fish. ?.
This teenager is embarrassed to go to school because she has acne.
My facial expression lit up because i have received good news.
I wiped my hands with a towel because the towel is wet.
The man lost his balance on the stool because the stool shook under him.
The teammates blamed each other because they lost the game.
I ask for forgiveness because i regret my mistake.
This woman is tired of her date because he asked her questions about himself.
The girl flashed a smile because her cheeks are red.
The enemy ship exploded because it passed the mine.
The man pierced his foot because he walked into a puddle.
The detectives dusted the crime scene to show fingerprints because they discovered the identity of the murderer.
The traffic on the highway is heavy because i took a detour.
The country's economy has declined because many people are sick.
The traffic controller whistled to the children because they were about to walk into the oncoming traffic.
I rolled my eyes at my friend because he told me the truth.
The car has run out of gasoline because the driver was stuck on the road.
The woman started giving birth because the baby was delivered.
The man's hat was blown off because he took off his hat.
The girl attended the birthday party of her classmate because she received an invitation.
The boy's forehead is hot because his mother took his temperature.
The man sprayed cologne because he wants to impress his date.
The electricity in the house went out because i found a flashlight.
The family moved into a larger house because the son graduated from high school.
The marathon runner kept a slow pace because she wants to save energy.
The boy kicked the vending machine because the machine spit out change.
My friend's dog died because i rolled his eyes.
The merchant's credit card was rejected because he wrote an iou.
The man cursed because he cut his nails.
The man is proud of his brother because his brother had a dispute with his parents.
This girl wants to understand the solar system because she went to the library.
The poster is stuck on the wall because i put the poster on the door.
The client approved the architect's building plan because the architect built this building.
The man dropped the spoon because his hands were shaking.
The CEO of the company resigned because the board of directors dissolved the company.
I was late for class because i sat down in the back row.
The man was released from prison because his family paid his bail.
The family lost all of its property because they sold the house.
I stepped on the aluminum can because the can was recycled.
The girl joined the debate team because she learned to use a computer.
My mood improved because i listened to music.
The charity set a fundraising goal because they feed the homeless.
The roller coaster descended quickly from the steep slope because the passengers giggled.
I am very angry because when i left home, i checked the mailbox.
The man wants to watch the sunrise because he traveled north.
I folded the paper because i recycled paper.
This country has endured a natural disaster because leaders of other countries formed alliances.
The boy's clothes were soaked because he climbed out of the swimming pool.
The student hurriedly finished the book because it was supposed to be returned to the library.
The criminal was executed because he was put in prison.
The sun shines into the room because i opened the curtains.
I pulled the liar's hair because her wig fell out.
The editor rewrote a sentence in the manuscript because he found the manuscript very convincing.
The woman cancelled her credit card account because she realized that the card was missing.
Man and woman fall in love because they went to university.
The music is too weak to hear because i turned up the volume.
The boy's hair stood up because the girl is angry.
The bug was squashed because i sprayed myself with insect repellent.
I opened my eyes because i woke up.
My neighbor's music is loud because i asked him to turn it off.
The man's family lives in poverty because he uses his income frugally.
This student graduated from university because he is looking for a job.
The artist mixed yellow paint into blue paint because the paint splattered everywhere.
I changed the topic of conversation because i ran out of things to talk about.
My brother was discharged from the hospital because i welcome him home.
The curtain on the stage opened because the first act of the performance began.
The hostages obeyed the kidnappers because the kidnapper threatened to hurt the hostages.
A rumbling sound echoed on the stage because the musician patted his feet.
The parents rushed to the child's bedroom because the child woke up from the nightmare and screamed.
The woman communicated with sign language because she is a premature baby.
There was a drought in the area because the water is polluted.
The cat chased the bird because the bird flew away.
The girl changed schools because school is over for summer vacation.
The factory owner refused to raise the wages of his employees because the boss appointed a new manager.
This leader is fighting against extremists in his country because the extremists influenced him.
I walked barefoot on the beach because the sand stabbed my foot.
I woke up in the middle of the night feeling very cold because i put on sports pants.
The mother quieted her son because her son laughed.
There is a hole in my jeans because i pulled up my jeans.
The boy wears braces because he has a cavity.
I worked out at the gym yesterday because my muscles are sore when i woke up today.
Girls whisper to each other at the dinner table because other students sit at the lunch table.
The child fell on the trampoline because she flew back into the air.
I mailed the letter to the mailbox because the post office delivered the letter.
The gambler is very confident because he bet all the money.
The forest fire spread because the wind has become stronger.
The child tore his knee because his mother sent him to his room.
The man survived this deadly disease because he signed a vip.
I took a sip of hot coffee because i bit my tongue.
The editor fired the author because the writer avoided prejudice in the story.
I feel exhausted because i slept all day.
The doctor diagnoses the patient because she confirmed the patient's symptoms.
I scratched my skin because this is sweat.
The man underwent emergency surgery because he lost his temper.
The man's arm muscles bulged because he bent his arms.
The man raised his eyebrows because he was surprised.
I forgave my colleagues' stupid mistakes because i believe his intentions are good.
The man quit smoking because he started to exercise more.
The woman hit the attacker's nose with a fist because the assailant's body showed no signs of life.
The dart missed the bull's eye because the man missed the target.
The owner asked a murderer to come to his house because he found a mouse in the basement.
I suggest my guests go out for dinner because i am too tired to prepare for anything.
The girl found out that her brother was reading her diary because she began to hide the diary.
The woman is short of money to pay the rent because she works overtime.
The child's hand quickly flinched because he touched a hot stove.
The company wants to measure customer satisfaction because they offer discounts to new customers.
The wooden floor was scratched because the boy threw the cushion off the sofa.
I covered my face because my enemy laughed at me.
This famous statue was burnt down because it was struck by lightning.
I forgot the fruit on the table because the fruit sheds its seeds.
The ballet dancer tore the lace because she pointed to her toes.
The child's shoelaces were untied because he learned how to tie them up.
I am obsessed with this book because i returned the book.
This person has beliefs similar to those of his parents because his parents influenced him.
The car gradually slowed to a stop because the gasoline ran out.
The man ate ice cream in the sun because the ice cream has lost its flavor.
I hang the artwork in the room because the carpet looks dirty.
I got off work very early because i have headache.
The puppy soiled the carpet because the owner scolded the puppy.
I apologized to my friend because my friend forgave me.
The man stood out from the crowd because he is carrying a backpack.
The witness lied after taking the oath because he completed his testimony.
The woman dyed her hair because she wants a new look.
These immigrants live in this country illegally because they found a job.
The public spokesperson made a joke because the audience laughed.
I look at the sun because the sun blinded me.
I feel very boring because i snorted.
Steak is difficult to cut because the knife is blunt.
The woman declared bankruptcy because she received alimony.
The light in my friend's apartment is on because i want to know if he is out.
I put flowers under my nose because the petals fall off the petals.
Woman feels nostalgic because she met a childhood friend.
The student delays the article because he submitted the paper early.
My car broke down because i went to the shopping mall.
I discarded the note because is anonymous.
The bird flapped its wings because it laid eggs.
I parked the car in the driveway because the garage is open.
The criminal aimed a gun at his victim because the criminal put down his gun.
I look forward to the weekend because i plan to attend my uncle's funeral.
I forgot the time because i am daydreaming.
The document is unrecognizable after printing because the printer is low on ink.
The stadium played the national anthem because the fans turned to the flag.
The dip tasted bland because i put it on the table.
I put the paper towel on the overflow because the towel absorbed the liquid.
The woman was interrupted while reading because she bookmarked that page.
The plane encountered some turbulence because the man fastened his seat belt.
The boy flinched because the girl ignored him.
The doctor gave the patient a prosthesis because they amputated her leg.
The boy squeezed the girl's elbow because she shrugged her shoulders towards him.
I ask my friends for advice because i value his opinion.
The boy stepped in the mud because mud stuck to his shoes.
A few inches of snow fell in this town because the school is closed.
The employee's shift ends because he goes home for a day.
The tree damaged the house because the tree fell on the roof.
The wood was split in half because i piled wood in the fireplace.
The family congratulated the couple because the couple announced that they were going to separate.
The girl gave the boy a Valentine's Day gift because she likes him.
I nodded to my friend's statement because i'm confused.
Friends toss a coin because they want to find a compromise.
The kitchen timer went out because the man unloaded the groceries into the refrigerator.
This woman has set an ambitious goal because she relaxes.
The rich man died of old age because his son got into legal trouble.
The woman stepped on the flame because the flame went out.
The woman's car is in the shop because her driving license was revoked.
I slept with the alarm clock because i made breakfast.
Public figures came out of the limousine because the camera flashed in his direction.
The woman stayed in the bathtub because the bath water became very lukewarm.
This college student wants to meet other students on campus because he joined a brotherhood.
I lifted the sofa cushion because i'm looking for change.
The wasp flew to the boy because the boy ran away.
The woman was convicted of a misdemeanor because she was convicted of community service.
I stir the sugar into the hot tea because the tea is steaming.
The veteran walked with a limp because he was called up to fight.
The criminal escaped from the police because the police took care of the victim.
The laptop cannot be turned on because i fell.
There is no room in the woman's wardrobe because she bought a spacious wardrobe.
The man was very sad because his wife gave birth to a child.
The man got his degree because he is qualified for the job he wants.
The man's voice was clearly visible in the auditorium because he greeted the audience.
I threw a coin into the fountain because the coin sank to the bottom.
The player hit the ball to the hole because the ball went into the hole.
I breathe in the dust in the attic because i hiccup.
The store cashier called the security guard because customers use counterfeit money.
I take out the garbage because garbage makes the kitchen smell bad.
The family went to the zoo because the children admire the animals.
The man's breathing was loud because his kidney is failing.
I have a ticket for the concert because i asked my friend for directions to the venue.
The air conditioner in the house is broken because i took out the blanket.
The boy's back pain because his backpack is open.
I bought a gift for my mother because i baked her a cake.
The daffodils in the garden were destroyed because a bee stabbed the gardener.
I lighted a match because the flame went out.
The disputed parties reached a settlement because they don't want to argue in court.
The children were sent to an orphanage because their parents are dead.
A meteorite fell into the sea because the tsunami happened.
The hiker encountered a poisonous snake because she was dehydrated.
The oven is getting hot because i turn on the oven.
I squeezed the lemon wedges because the lemon is moldy.
New land has been discovered in this country because this country gave up this land.
The glass fell off the table because it broke to the ground.
The table is shaking because the floor is uneven.
The father found out that his son was lying because his son confessed the truth.
The man's head quivered with pain because he took cough syrup.
The train slowed down because it is approaching the station.
The man received treatment because his family has a history of mental illness.
The woman grabbed her throat because she swallowed her food.
The woman has a sore throat because her voice sounded harsh.
The dog looks at the juicy steak on the table because it drools.
This woman's business has succeeded because she fired her employees.
The students left the classroom because the bell rang.
The woman claimed that she saw a ghost because her acquaintances expressed doubts.
The man lost his hearing because he almost drowned in the sea.
The child let go of the balloon string because the balloon deflated.
The man lost the ability to speak because he had a stroke.
The woman tripped on the sidewalk because the cement has cracks.
The man jumped into the pool in a cannon style because the lifeguard jumped in behind him.
I took antibiotics because my infection has been cleared.
The traffic light turned yellow because the driver stepped on the brake.
The plastic container melted because i soak the container in warm water.
The car is sunken because the driver hit a telephone pole.
The boy studied all night because he skipped the exam.
The little boy clung to the edge of the pool because he is afraid of learning to swim.
I put my hand on my chest because i feel my heartbeat.
The building next to my office is under construction because my office is very crowded.
The family wants to get to know their new neighbor because the family invited their neighbors over for dinner.
Water splashed from the pool because the swimmer jumped into the swimming pool.
I bit a slice of watermelon because i accidentally swallowed a seed.
The boy was tripped because his jacket was unbuttoned.
The woman inserted earplugs because she was distracted by the noise.
I refilled the water bottle because i drank all the water in it.
This TV show is under censorship because it contains vulgar language.
The ship wrecked because the crew drowned.
The boy was stumped by the riddle because he solved the riddle.
The phone rang because the man hung up.
The woman stared at me because i hugged her.
The group left the museum because they took photos of the exhibits.
The man quarreled with me because my friend introduced me to that person.
The tires on my bicycle are flat because i pour air into the tires.
The girl was pale because her father read her a story.
The pen has run out of ink because i used a pencil.
The man was refused a loan because he is heavily in debt.
The girl stays at home after school because she has chickenpox.
The garbage bag is full because i took it to the trash can.
I vacuumed the carpet because my roommate fought hard.
The man lost his temper because he turned off the computer.
The girl threw a branch into the campfire because the branches are scorched.
The man came out of the shower because the hot water is gone.
Parents want their children to go to college because they set aside a savings fund for tuition.
The man untied his shoes because the shoes are loose.
The man ate half of the main dish because he refrigerated the leftovers.
My ankle is swollen because i put ice on the ice.
My office door is open because i talk to my colleagues at the desk.
I have to wait in line because i sat down.
The man hit the fly hard because the flies buzzed away.
The man wrote a will because he is dying.
The runner felt his rival approaching because he withdrew from the game.
I considered this question carefully because i asked for advice.
The traveler walked on the crumbling suspension bridge because he felt scared.
The man expected the team to win because he met his friends to watch the game.
The boy can't sleep because he set the alarm clock.
