The object was wrapped in bubble wrap because it was gentle.
I emptied my pockets because i found a piece of the ticket.
The termites broke into the house because the termites disappeared from the house.
The travelers reached the border because border checks checked their passports.
The office was closed because it was a vacation.
The girl ran out of energy because he played checkers.
The woman lost her seat in the queue because more people joined the queue.
The girl held her nose because the baby splashed on his apron.
The band played their hit story because the audience applauded the music.
The girl wanted to thank her math teacher because the girl was left for hours.
Little hikers were scared because the camp elder told them a horror story.
The man hit his head because he was confused.
The check I wrote didn't work because my bank account was empty.
The man's inbox was full of spam because he deleted the spam.
The sailor was quarantined because he was exposed to the disease.
The girl remembered the code because he read it to himself.
I poured a glass of water because the water quenched my thirst.
The man was silent when his friend stopped talking because he wanted to support his friend.
The accident was my fault because i felt guilty.
The chain broke into pieces because the chain was wrapped around the rubber.
The couple decided to compromise because they got tired of arguing.
The woman decided to run for public office because he hired a campaign manager.
The man foresaw that cold weather would come during his trip because he packed warm clothes in his suitcase.
The student knew the answer to the question because he raised his hand.
The man's eyes ran out of water because dust caught his eye.
The player won five games in a row because the opponent accused him of giggling.
The teacher tore the student in half because he caught the student crawling.
I paused to stop talking because i lost my voice.
The frozen food thawed because i put it in the microwave.
The worker pretended to be ill because he had abdominal cramps.
The girl landed in the pool because he ran on the pool deck.
Movie tickets sold out because it was the premiere of the film.
The man lost weight because people isolated him.
The girl's hands went blistered because he printed the letter.
A circus artist juggling a unicycle because the public shouted in amazement.
My patience stopped because i was waiting for my friend.
The warring nations wanted peace because they developed nuclear weapons.
The man took sleeping pills because he became intoxicated.
She walked to the couch because the sofa leg came off.
The boy squeezed the balloon because the balloon broke.
Passengers checked into their hotel room because they unpacked their suitcases.
I took a peach shot because the peach got lost.
My hands started to stick because i ate a donut.
I pushed the door because the door opened.
Activists boycotted the product because the products were tested to ensure quality.
I drilled a hole in the wall because the mouse crawled out of august.
The woman envied her sister because her sister was happy.
I put the wine on my shirt because i put on my apron.
The cashier opened the cash register because the buyer searched his wallet.
The street musician excited the people because people gave him a dime.
The little boy cried to his babysitter because he missed his parents.
The pilot's radar detected a storm because the pilot navigated away from the storm.
The tree threw its leaves because the leaves changed color.
The boy was in a mischievous mood because he decided to play a card game with his sister.
The child complained that he had to go to the toilet because his father gave him lemonade to drink.
The child sprinkled fish food into the aquarium because the fish jumped out of the aquarium.
The woman's political views changed because he changed his party affiliation.
The bathroom sink was about because i turned off the tap.
The passenger got off the train because the train arrived at the station.
The man pressed against the damp tape on the envelope because he stamped the envelope.
Friends lost contact because they enjoyed each other's company.
The accountant mismanaged the company's funds because he was fired from his job.
I looked at my watch because i heard the clock ticking.
I had a cramp in my hand because i wrote the essay by hand.
Bolt tightening because i replaced the bolt.
The couple signed an apartment lease because the couple moved into the apartment.
The woman was sitting outside on the porch because he wanted to watch the sunset.
The man wore a life jacket in the water because he couldn't swim.
The woman made a typographical error in the word processor because he deleted the document.
The girl boasted to her friend because he got a bad grade.
The grass was muddy because it rained all night.
The woman slept in because he spent the night in a hotel.
The man put on sunscreen because he sat in the shade.
Scientists proved the theory because scientists have withdrawn the theory.
The fans of the game shouted contemptuously because the game went on overtime.
I entered my lock combination because i closed the lock.
The people intensified because the father gave the son some money.
Snow blocked the driveway because i made a snowball.
Kayakers paddled with their oars because the kayak reached the shore.
The girl lost control of her wheel because he let go of the handlebar.
I set the blower on because water sprayed on my skin.
The surfers returned to the beach because they were soaked.
I pulled the bath drain plug because the water flowed out of the bath.
The man felt guilty about cheating on his wife because he accused him of infidelity.
The ink on the poster was smeared because i waited for the ink to dry.
The child woke up screaming because he had a nightmare.
The boy put his feet on the table because his father sat down at the table.
My friend turned his head to me because i shouted his name.
The government suppressed its citizens because the citizens organized an uprising.
The boy was lost in the woods because he set up his tent.
The woman traveled abroad because he wanted to learn to draw.
The man was jealous of his co-worker because his co-worker was promoted.
The man saw the aliens because he saw ghosts.
The man's hair turned blonde because he put bleach in them.
The artist created a new work because he criticized his previous work.
The son moved away from home because he was released from the army.
Books fell out of the bookshelf because the shelves were covered with dust.
The electricity went out in my home because i turned on the light.
We drove in the mountains of America because it seemed scary.
A bag of popcorn began to work because i poured a bag of butter.
The tree fell on the power line because electricity went out in the neighborhood.
The speaker made politically incorrect comments because he annoyed the audience.
I stabbed myself with a spike because a drop of sweat dripped from my face.
The fish floated on the surface of the aquarium because he was hungry.
The man's voice sounded hoarse because he had a cold.
The elevator doors opened because the elevator reached the designated floor.
The teenager sneaked out of the house because he lied to his parents.
The bathroom flooded because toilet over time.
The puppy remained close to the owner because the owner put a collar on the puppy.
The man saw his reflection because he stood under a sprawling tree.
I fell asleep on my girlfriend's phone call because i called him back.
The family searched the neighborhood because their dog ran away from home.
I saw my breath as I evaluated because the weather was cool.
The employees formed an association because they wanted better working conditions.
I baked an apple pie because the rotting smell filled the kitchen.
The woman had a hard time walking because he wore high heels.
Steam rose from the water pot because water kees.
All my socks were in the laundry because i wore sandals.
The politician's argument was considered absurd because he lost the support of the electorate.
Everyone resented the couple's engagement because the couple became pregnant.
The building was dedicated to a millionaire because the millionaire wanted the building demolished.
The seller accused the girl of stealing because the salesman saw the girl put the goods in her handbag.
The country declared war on the neighboring territory because soldiers were sent out to fight.
The court upheld the controversial ruling because a riot broke out in front of the courthouse.
The girl smelled something on fire because he took the cookies out of the jar.
It rained down because the storm got worse.
The building was evacuated because the elevator stopped working.
The father resented the son's alcoholism because the father bought his son a beer.
The judge went up the stairs to his office because the secretary went home that day.
The man got angry with his friend because his friend interrupted him.
The girl gave her money to the cashier because the cashier gave the girl a change.
The woman was put in a wheelchair because he was paralyzed in the accident.
Citizens hoisted a national flag in their homes because the country celebrated its independence.
The team lost the tournament because they disappointed their fans.
My friend pointed out that I had food between my teeth because i was embarrassed.
The boy failed his history exam because he noticed in class.
The downtown building collapsed because the city was hit by an earthquake.
The man's girlfriend left him because he asked him to take him back.
The two children bowed simultaneously to take the ball off the ground because the ball rolled away.
The raccoon slipped through the trash because trash oi cardboard.
The boy sharpened his pencil because it was cheap.
The cashier refused to reimburse the woman for the dress because he lost his check.
The scratch on my skin was deep because it healed quickly.
The man received strange glances from the passengers on the train because he looked down.
The child left the debris on the floor because ants crawled to the rubble.
The woman handed her sister a napkin because the woman's sister crossed her arms.
The man took the coin because his lips were cracked.
The couple left early for the show because they sensed that there was heavy traffic around the theater.
The woman stayed home from work because his boss praised him.
The man signed the activist's petition because he supported their event.
The actor's heart beat before the show because he had a stage fear.
I was wrong because i read my cash.
Ripe fruit hung in the sun because it was eaten.
The car broke down because i turned on the ignition.
The man hurt his back because he went to a psychiatrist.
I made a fire in the fireplace because i ran out of firewood.
The woman stopped jogging because he had a side cramp.
I knocked on my neighbor's door because my neighbor invited me in.
She sighed in frustration because her husband did not understand his concerns.
The teacher praised the student because the student answered the questions correctly.
The woman ran out of eggs because he went to the farm.
I met an old friend because i revealed the secret to him.
The woman avoided going to the lake because he caught a fish.
The student appeared soaking the class because his umbrella was broken.
The cursor moved on the computer screen because the user clicked with the mouse.
The driver made a detour because there was an accident on the main road.
I hung wet sheets on the outdoor clothesline because the sheets dried.
The woman put on sunglasses because the sun was bright.
The man stared at the night sky because he wished it was summer.
I felt tired because i went to bed early.
The man went to the hairdresser because he grew his hair.
The boy made evil tempers to his new classmate because the boy greeted his new classmate.
I craved a glass of milk because i ate cookies.
The port started because the driver turned on the headlights.
The parking lot of the building was empty because i parked across the road.
The writer did not meet the deadline for submitting a draft because he had a writer's block.
My partner dropped my call because i wanted to talk to the reviewer.
The wind blew in from an open window because the doorbell rang.
Electricity went out in my house because i took the lamp out of the wall.
The lifter growled because he flexed his muscles in front of the mirror.
The student tried to calculate by heart because he took out the calculator.
Tita fell asleep because dad changed his diapers.
The girl threw the boy a water bomb because the boy had a concussion.
The photographer forgot to use the camera flash because the pictures came blurry.
I canceled the birthday invitation because i was lonely.
I did a workout because i felt energetic.
I squeezed the damp sponge because it sucked in water.
The holidaymakers took a ferry to the resort because the resort was booked.
The teenager got a tattoo because he was afraid of needles.
A stranger's car parked in front of my house because i became suspicious.
The criminal surrendered because the evidence confused him.
The chubby man decided to lose weight because he stopped eating sweet.
The girl stepped on the ice because he slipped.
The woman had rings under her eyes because he was up all night.
Lava flowed from the volcano because volcanic eruption.
The woman put on her shoes because he knew everyone at the party.
I paid the customs booth to the attendant because he let me through the customs booth.
The president went bankrupt because he sold his company's acia.
The man went to the doctor because the doctor was on vacation.
I left my bedroom through the window because the house burned down.
The boy's fingers creased because he took a long shower.
I spat out the milk because the milk tasted sour.
I missed the bus because i got to work early.
The truck collided with the car because the truck accelerated.
The team hesitated to do better in this competition because they won.
Soda bottle inside because i turned the bottle over.
The boy was locked out of his house because he crawled out the open window.
The doorbell rang because the guest knocked on the door knocker.
The man stained his suit because he had it chemically cleaned.
The girl squeezed a toothpaste tube because toothpaste burst out of the tube as a jet.
The deaths of individuals in the war soared because the pacifists staged a protest.
The girl suddenly pulled the ribbon from her head because he tied the ribbon.
The man underwent cosmetic surgery because he got old.
It came out of the egg as a baby because egg shell.
The prisoner was starving because he died.
The man lost his balance on the ladder because he climbed the ladder.
The child was crooked because he took a sip of soda.
A cold draft came in from the window because i relaxed.
The student received a scholarship to go to college because his classmates respected him.
The girl made fun of the boy because he lived in his house next door.
A hungry wanderer stole food because he ignited sympathy.
I called my friend to chat because i wanted privacy.
The man reached out to me because i shook his hand.
I bowed because fireworks were blown up.
The girl chewed her nails because he was worried.
I turned the page on the calendar because i marked the meeting on the calendar.
The man discovered that his wife was having an affair because he fired his lawyer.
The girl threw the rubber ball because the ball bounced.
The girl made a mistake in her exam because he guessed the answer.
The player nodded his opponent because his opponent tried to pass.
I picked tomatoes from the plant because they were ripe.
The man wanted to behave romantically because he ate lunch with his ex-girlfriend.
Mercury in the thermometer rose because i dropped the thermometer.
Nornado moved through the city because the roof of the courthouse was blown off.
The student received lessons from a home teacher because his scores improved.
I felt comfortable because i knelt down.
I polished the stone because it became slippery.
I added sugar to the coffee because the coffee smelled strong.
The man relocated the papers because he received a paper cut.
I hit the pound with a hammer because the pound sank into the wood.
The fish barked because the fisherman pulled out the fish.
The teenager was embarrassed to go to school because he had a pimple.
My face shone because i got good news.
I wiped my hands with a towel because the towel was wet.
The man lost his balance on the stool because the stool shook under him.
The team members blamed each other because they lost the game.
I asked for an apology because i regretted my mistake.
The woman began to get bored with her dating partner because he asked questions about him.
The girl smiled and blinked because his cheeks turned red.
The enemy ship flew into the air because it went over mine.
The man stabbed his leg because he walked into a puddle.
Detectives searched the crime scene for fingerprints because they discovered the identity of the murderer.
There was heavy traffic on the road because i made a detour.
The country's economy declined because many people became ill.
The pedestrian guard blew the children because they were walking into oncoming traffic.
I rolled my friend's eyes because he told me the truth.
The car ran out of gas because the driver was helpless on the road.
The woman began to give birth because tita was born.
The man's hat was blown off because he took off his hat.
The girl went to a classmate's birthday party because he received an invitation.
The boy's forehead was hot because his mother graduated from him.
The man sprayed himself with a cologne because he wanted to impress his partner.
The electricity went out in the house because i was looking for a flashlight.
The family moved to a larger house because the son graduated from high school.
The marathon runner kept a calm pace because he wanted to save his energy.
The boy set foot on the vending machine because the vending machine spat out the change.
My friend's dog died because i rolled my eyes at him.
The business credit card was declined because he wrote a bond.
The man swore because he cut his nails.
The man was proud of his Russian because his brother argued with their parents.
The girl wanted to learn about the solar system because he went to the library.
The poster stuck to the wall because i placed the poster over the door.
The client approved the architect's building plans because the architect text constructed the building.
The man dropped his spoon because his hands trembled.
The CEO of the company resigned because the management board closed down the company.
I was late for the lecture because i was sitting in the back.
The man was released from prison because his family paid his bail.
The family lost all their belongings because they sold their house.
I was trampling on an aluminum jar because the jar was recycled.
The girl joined the discussion team because he learned to use a computer.
My mood improved because i was listening to music.
The charity set a goal to raise money because they fed the homeless.
The American mountain train rushed down a sharp drop because travel giggled.
I was furious because i checked the mailbox when i left the house.
The man wanted to watch the sunrise because he traveled north.
I was on paper because i recycled the paper.
The country survived a natural disaster because other leaders formed a union.
The boy's clothes were wet because he climbed out of the pool.
The student hurried to finish the book because it had to be taken back to the library.
The criminal was executed because he was imprisoned.
Sunlight transmitted to the room because i pulled the curtains in front.
I twisted the cheater's hair because his wig came off.
The editor changed the wording of the sentence in the manuscript because he found the manuscript to be compelling.
The woman closed her credit card account because he discovered that his card had been lost.
The man and the woman fell in love because they went to college.
The music was too vague to hear because i turned to volume.
The boy's hair held up because the girl messed them up.
The insect was crushed because i sprayed myself with insecticide.
I opened my eyes because i woke up.
My neighbor's music was deafening because i asked him to make it quieter.
The man's family lived in poverty because he was frugal with his merit.
The student graduated from university because he was looking for a job.
The artist mixed yellow and blue because paint sprayed everywhere.
I changed the conversation because i ran out of things to talk about.
My brother got out of the hospital because i received him warmly at home.
The curtain rose because the opening scene of the play began.
The hostage surrendered to the orders of the kidnapper because the kidnapper threatened to hurt the hostage.
I echoed across the stage because the musician knocked his foot on the ground.
The parents hurried to their child's bedroom because the child woke up screaming from a nightmare.
The woman communicated in sign language because he was born prematurely.
Drought occurred in the area because the water became contaminated.
The cat was hunting birds because the bird flew away.
The girl changed schools because there was freedom from school for the summer.
The owner of the factory refused to increase the salaries of the employees because the owner appointed a new manager.
The leader resisted extremists in his country because he was influenced by extremists.
I walked barefoot on the beach because the sand stuck to my feet.
I woke up in the middle of the night after a cold hour because i put on my sweatpants.
The mother silenced her son because that son irvitas.
There was a hole in my pants because i locked my pants.
The boy wore braces because he got a toothache.
I worked out in the gym yesterday because i woke up today with muscle pain.
The girls whispered back and forth at lunch because the other students sat down at the lunch table.
The child landed on a trampoline because he flew back up into the air.
I put the book in a mailbox because the post office delivered the letter.
The gambler was confident because he bet all his money.
The forest fire spread because the winds got stronger.
The child's skin fell off his knee because his mother sent him to his room.
The man survived a deadly disease because he signed his will.
I took a sip of scorching coffee because i bit the tongue.
The editor released the writer because the writer avoided prejudices in his stories.
I felt tired because i slept all day.
The doctor diagnosed the patient because he identified the patient's symptoms.
I scratched my skin because it was sweaty.
The man underwent emergency surgery because he lost his temper.
The man's arm muscles were swollen because he bent his hand.
The man raised an eyebrow because he was surprised.
I forgave my colleague for his mistake because i believed he wanted good.
The man quit smoking because he started training more.
The woman hit her attacker's nose because the attacker's body became lifeless.
The arrow did not hit the center of the target because the man's targeting was over.
The owner of the house asked that the parasite repellent come to his house because he discovered rats in the basement.
I suggested to my guest that we go out to dinner because i was too tired to make anything.
The girl got caught while her brother read her diaries because he began to hide the diary.
The woman was short of rent because he worked overtime.
The child withdrew his hand quickly because he went against the hot stove.
The company wanted to measure customer satisfaction because they offered a discount to new customers.
Scratches came on the wooden floor because the boy threw the pillows off the couch.
I hid my face because my enemy mocked me.
The famous statue burned down because it got a flash.
I left the fruit on the table because the fruit spread the seeds.
The ballerina pulled the bandage off because he stretched out his toes.
The child's shoelaces came loose because he learned how to connect them.
The book fascinated me because i brought the book back.
The man believed in similar things to his parents because his parents influenced him.
The car slowly slowed to a stop because it ran out of gas.
The man ate ice cream in the sun because the ice cream lost its flavor.
I hung art in the room because the carpet looked black.
I left work early because i had a headache.
The puppy filled the carpet because the owner quarreled with the puppy.
I apologized to my friend because my friend forgave me.
The man stood out from the crowd because he was carrying a backpack.
The witness lied under oath because he finished his testimony.
The woman dyed her hair because he wanted to look new.
Immigrants were caught illegally residing in the country because they found a job.
The public speaker joked because public laughter.
I looked at the sun because the sun blinded me.
I was bored because i muttered.
The steak was hard to cut because the knife was blunt.
The woman declared bankruptcy because he received alimony.
Lights were on in my friend's apartment because i wondered if he was out.
I put a flower under my nose because the petals of the flower came away.
The woman felt nostalgic because he met a childhood friend.
The student postponed the writing because he submitted a paperwork property.
My car broke down because i went to the mall.
I dismissed the remark because it was anonymous.
The bird slapped its wings because ta mnes.
I parked on the driveway because the garage was open.
The criminal pointed his weapon at the victim because the criminal laid down his weapon.
I was looking forward to the weekend because i was planning to go to my uncle's funeral.
I lost track of time because i dreamed.
The document printed illegally because the printer was low on ink.
The stadium played the national anthem because the fans turned to the flag.
Dipp tasted sweet because i served it.
I put a paper towel on the spilled liquid because the towel sucked in water.
The woman was interrupted by reading half of the book because he bookmarked his page.
The plane got into turbulence because the man fastened his seat belt.
The boy winced because the girl ignored him.
The doctors gave the patient an artificial limb because they amputated his leg.
The boy pinched the girl's shoulder because he shrugged.
I asked my friend for advice because i appreciated his opinion.
He stepped away but because the mud stuck to his shoe.
A few inches of snow fell in the city because schools closed.
The change of employee ended because he went home that day.
The tree damaged the house because the tree fell on the roof.
The wood was cut in half because i piled trees in the fireplace.
The family congratulated the couple because the couple announced that they were divorcing.
The girl sent the boy a Valentine's Day card because he liked it.
I nodded at my friend's statement because i was confused.
Friends threw a hawk and a letter because they wanted to find a compromise.
The timer in the kitchen started working because the man unpacked the groceries in the refrigerator.
The woman set an ambitious goal because he loges.
A wealthy man died in old age because his son ran into legal problems.
The woman trampled on the flames because the flames went out.
The woman's car was in the workshop because his driver's license was suspended.
I didn't hear my alarm clock because i made breakfast.
A public figure came out of the limousine because the cameras flashed towards him.
The woman hung out in the bath because the bath water became lukewarm.
College students wanted to meet other students on campus because they joined the corporation.
I raised the sofa cushions because i was looking for a loose change.
The wasp flies to the boy because the boy ran away.
The woman was convicted of a misdemeanor because he was sentenced to community service.
I mixed sugar with hot tea because make an aura.
Veteran's hip because he was recruited into the war.
The criminal ran away from the police because the police dealt with the victim.
The laptop did not work because i dropped it.
The woman ran out of space in the closet because she bought a wide range of clothes.
The man's heart was broken because his wife gave birth.
The man earned a degree because he became qualified for the job he wanted.
The man's voice clearly carried over to the auditorium because he greeted the audience.
I threw a coin in the fountain because the coin sank to the bottom.
The player hit the ball in the direction of the hole because the ball went into the hole.
I inhaled the dust in the attic because i was luxurious.
The store cashier called the security guard because the customer used counterfeit money.
I took out the trash because the rubbish made the kitchen smell bad.
The family went to the zoo because the children admired the animals.
The man's breathing was loud because his kidneys gave up.
I had an excess ticket for the concert because i asked my friend for directions to the venue.
The air conditioner in the house broke down because i brought out the blankets.
The boy's back ached because his backpack was open.
I bought a gift for my mother because i baked him a cake.
The daffodils in the garden were destroyed because the bee stabbed the gardener.
I lit a match because the flame went out.
The disputing parties reached a solution because they did not want to argue in court.
The children were sent to an orphanage because their parents died.
The meteorite fell into the ocean because there was a tsunami.
The hiker met a poisonous snake because he became dehydrated.
The oven got hot because i set the oven on.
I squeezed a slice of lemon because the lemon went under control.
The state discovered a new area because the state abandoned the land.
The glass fell off the table because it shattered all over the floor.
The table fluctuated because the floor was uneven.
The father hit his son lying because his son confessed the truth.
The man's head throbbed in pain because he took cough syrup.
The train slowed down because he approached the station.
The man underwent therapy because they had a family history of mental illness.
She grabbed her throat because he swallowed his food.
The woman had a sore throat because his voice sounded scratchy.
The dog stared at the juicy steak on the table because he died.
The woman's business was a success because he fired his staff.
The students left the classroom because the clock rang.
The woman claimed to have seen a ghost because his acquaintances expressed skepticism.
The man lost his hearing because he almost drowned in the ocean.
The child released the balloon cord because the balloon went flat.
The man lost his ability to speak because he had a stroke.
The woman tripped on the sidewalk because there was a crack in the cement.
The man jumped on a pool bomb because the lifeguard jumped after him.
I took antibiotics because my infection subsided.
The traffic light turned yellow because the driver applied the brake.
The plastic container melted because i soaked the dishes in warm water.
The car got dented because the driver drove against the telephone.
The boy studied all night because he missed the exam.
The young boy clung to the edge of the pool because he was afraid to learn to swim.
I put my hand on my chest because i felt my heartbeat.
The outbuilding of my office was under construction because my office was crowded.
The family wanted to get to know their new neighbors because they invited the neighbors to dinner.
Water splashed out of the pool because the swimmer dived into the pool.
I bit a slice of watermelon because i accidentally swallowed a seed.
The boy stumbled because his jacket was open.
The woman put earplugs in her ear because he was disturbed by the noise.
I refilled my water bottle because i drank all the water in it.
The TV show was censored because it contained vulgar jargon.
The ship sank because the team drowned.
The boy was puzzled by the mystery because he solved the riddle.
The phone rang because the man hung up.
She stared at me because i hugged him.
The group left the museum because they took a picture of the exhibits.
The man started arguing with me because my friend introduced me to the man.
My tire was empty because i inflated the rubber.
The girl looked pale because he read the story to him himself.
The paste became empty because i used a pencil.
The man was not granted a loan because he was in debt.
The girl stayed home from school because he had chickenpox.
The garbage bag was full because i took it to the trash.
I vacuumed the carpet because my roommate drove the punch.
The man lost his temper because he shut down his computer.
The girl threw a twig into the fire because the branch burned.
The man came out of the shower because the hot water was running out.
The parents wanted their children to go to college because they set aside a savings fund for tuition.
The man untied his shoelaces because his shoes relaxed.
The man ate half of the appetizer because he put the scrap in the refrigerator.
My ankle was swollen because i put ice on it.
My office door was open because i talked to my colleagues at my desk.
I had to wait in line because i took a seat.
The man screamed at the fly because the fly buzzed away.
The man wrote the will because he was dying.
The runner perceived the competitor catching up because he canceled the race.
I thought carefully about the problem because i asked for advice.
The passenger was walking on a trembling suspension bridge because he was afraid.
The man foresaw the victory of the team because he met his friends to watch the game.
The boy could not sleep because he set his alarm clock.
