The item was wrapped in stamped plastic because it was delicate.
I had emptied my pockets because i pulled out a ticket stub.
Termites invaded the house because termites disappeared from the house.
The travelers reached the border because the patrol officer checked their passports.
The office was closed because it was vacation.
The girl ran out of energy because he had played checkers.
The woman had lost her place in line because more people lined up.
The girl had held her nose because the baby had been drooling on the bib.
The group played their hit song because the audience cheered to the beat of the music.
The girl wanted to thank the math teacher because the girl stayed after school as punishment.
The young campers were scared because the animator told them a story of fear.
The man banged his head because he got lost in his thoughts.
The check I had formed was uncovered because my bank account was empty.
The man's inbox was full of spam because he deleted the spam.
The sailor was quarantined because he had been exposed to the disease.
The girl had memorized the code because he had recited it to himself.
I poured the water into the glass because the water satisfied my thirst.
The man was silent when his friend finished speaking because he wanted to offer support to his friend.
The accident was my fault because i felt guilty.
The chain broke because the chain was mounted on a wheel.
The couple had decided to compromise because they were bored with arguing.
The woman decided to run for public office because he hired an election campaign manager.
The man had expected low temperatures during his journey because he had packed warm clothing.
The student knew the answer to the question because he raised his hand.
The man's eyes filled with tears because dust had gotten into his eyes.
The player won five games in a row because her opponent accused her of cheating.
The teacher tore off the student's exam because he caught the student copying.
I paused to stop talking because i lost my voice.
Frozen food thawed because i put it in the microwave.
The clerk pretended to be unwell because he had stomach cramps.
The girl landed in the pool because he ran to the edge of the pool.
Tickets for the film sold out because it was the launch of the film.
The man had lost weight because people isolated him.
Blisters appeared on the girl's hands because he had typed a letter.
The circus artist was juggling while riding a unicycle because the audience cheered him in amazement.
I lost my patience because my friend made me wait.
Countries at war wanted peace because they developed nuclear weapons.
The man took some sleeping pills because he became sleepy.
The woman hit the sofa because the sofa leg loosened.
The boy squeezed the balloon because the balloon burst.
The travelers checked into their hotel room because they emptied their suitcases.
I had taken a bite of the peach because the peach bruised.
My hands got sticky because i ate a donut.
I pushed the door because the door opened.
Activists boycotted the products because the product had been tested to ensure its quality.
I had made a hole in the wall because a mouse slipped out of the hole.
The woman was envious of her sister because the sister was happy.
I poured some wine on my shirt because i put on an apron.
The cashier opened the cashier because the customer searched his wallet.
The street musician drew a crowd because people gave him some change.
The little boy whimpered to the babysitter because he missed his parents.
The pilot's radar detected a storm because the pilot sailed away from the storm.
The tree lost its leaves because the leaves changed color.
The boy was in the mood for spite because he decided to play cards with his sister.
The child complained that he had to go to the bathroom because the father gave him a soda to drink.
The child spread the fish food in the aquarium because the fish leapt out of the aquarium.
The woman's political views had changed because she changed the party she was affiliated with.
The bathroom sink was clogged because i turned on the tap.
The passenger got off the train because the train had arrived at the station.
The man pressed the damp flap of the wrapper because he put a stamp on the wrapper.
Friends lost contact because they enjoyed each other's company.
The accountant had mismanaged the company's funds because she was fired from her role.
I looked at the clock because i had heard the clock tick.
I had a cramp in my hand because i had written the theme by hand.
The bolt tightened because i had replaced it.
The couple signed the lease for an apartment because the couple moved into the apartment.
The woman had sat on the porch because he wanted to watch the sunset.
The man wore a life jacket in the water because he couldn't swim.
The woman made a typo in the program because he deleted the document.
The girl had bragged to her friends because he had received a bad grade.
The lawn was muddy because it was flooded in the night.
The woman had overslept because he had spent the night in the hotel.
The man had put on sunscreen because he sat in the shade.
Researchers proved the theory because the researchers retracted the theory.
Fans whistled during the match because the match had exceeded the time limits.
I had put the combination in the lock because i closed the padlock.
The crowd thickened because the father gave his son some money.
Snow was blocking the driveway because i made a snowball.
The rowers paddled with their oars because the canoe reached the coast.
The girl lost control of the bicycle because he let go of the handlebar.
I turned on the fan because he splashed water on my skin.
The surfers returned to the beach because they were soaked.
I pulled the cap off the tub because the water in the tub dried up.
The husband felt guilty of having betrayed his wife because the accusation of infidelity.
The ink on the poster smeared because i had waited for the ink to dry.
The boy woke up screaming because he had had a nightmare.
The boy put his feet on the table because the father sat down at the table.
My friend turned his head towards me because i had screamed his name.
The government had oppressed its citizens because citizens staged a revolt.
A boy was lost in the woods because he set up a tent.
The woman had traveled abroad because he wanted to learn how to draw.
The man was jealous of his colleagues because his colleagues had been promoted.
The man had witnessed the aliens because he had been hallucinating.
The man's hair turned blond because he had put some bleach in it.
The artist created a new work because he had criticized his previous work.
The son moved away from home because he had been discharged from military service.
Books fell from the bookcase because the shelves were covered with dust.
The electricity in the house went out because i turned on a light.
We took a ride on the roller coaster because it looked scary.
The bag of popcorn began to pop because i had poured some butter into the bag.
A tree fell on the power line because the lights went out in the whole neighborhood.
The speaker made some politically incorrect comments because he bored the audience.
I stung myself with the brooch because sweat beaded my face.
The fish floated on the surface of the tank because he was hungry.
The man had a hoarse voice because he had a cold.
The elevator doors opened because the elevator has arrived at the intended floor.
The little boy slipped out of the house because he lied to his parents.
The bathroom got flooded because the toilet got clogged.
The puppy did not stray from its master because the owner has put a collar on the puppy.
The man caught his reflection because he stood under a sprawling tree.
I missed my girlfriend's phone call because i called her back.
The family scoured the neighborhood because their dog had run away from home.
When I exhaled I saw my breath because it was cold outside.
The employees formed a union because they wanted better working conditions.
I made an apple tart because the kitchen smelled rotten.
The woman struggled to walk because she wore high heels.
Steam has risen from the pot full of water because the water was boiling.
All my socks were in the laundry to wash because i wore sandals.
The politician's argument was considered absurd because he lost the support of the voters.
Everyone was against the couple's official engagement because the couple was pregnant.
The palace was dedicated to the millionaire because the millionaire wanted to destroy the palace.
The sales assistant accused the girl of theft because the sales assistant saw the girl stuff some merchandise into her purse.
The nation has declared war on neighboring territory because the soldiers were sent on missions to fight.
The court upheld the controversial ruling because a revolt has started in front of the court of justice.
The girl could smell burning because he took some cookies from the jar.
It was raining heavily because the storm got worse.
The palace was evacuated because the elevator has stopped working.
The father could not stand his son's alcoholism because the father bought his son a beer.
The lawyer walked up the stairs to her office because the secretary came home after work.
The man was annoyed by his friend because his friend interrupted him.
The girl gave the money to the cashier because the cashier gave the change to the girl.
The woman was placed in a wheelchair because she was paralyzed in an accident.
Citizens hung the national flag on the facade of their homes because the country was commemorating its independence.
The team lost the tournament because they disappointed their fans.
My friend pointed out that I had food stuck between my teeth because i felt embarrassed.
The boy didn't pass the history exam because he paid attention in class.
The building in the city center collapsed because an earthquake hit the city.
The man's girl left him because he begged her to get back together.
The two children reached down simultaneously to take the balloon because the balloon has rolled away.
The raccoon went through the garbage can because there was cardboard inside the garbage can.
The boy sharpened the pencil because it was cheap.
The cashier did not give the woman a refund for the dress because the woman lost the receipt.
The scratch on my skin was deep because he healed quickly.
The passengers on the train looked at the man oddly because he was staring at the floor.
The child left some crumbs on the floor because the ants climbed towards the crumbs.
The woman gave her sister a handkerchief because the woman's sister folded her hands.
The man took a mint because his lips were chapped.
The couple soon left for the show because they had expected traffic around the theater.
The woman had stayed home from work because her boss praised her.
The man signed the activists' petition because he supported their cause.
The man's heart was pounding before his performance because he had stage panic.
I was lost because i counted my money.
The ripe fruit remained exposed to the sun because it was eaten.
The car broke down because i started it.
The man hurt his back because he visited a psychiatrist.
I made a fire in the fireplace because there was no more wood.
The woman has stopped jogging because a cramp came in her side.
I knocked on my neighbor's door because my neighbor invited me inside.
The woman let out a sigh of frustration because her husband did not understand her concerns.
The teacher praised the student because the student answered correctly.
The woman had run out of eggs because she went to the farm.
I met an old friend because i told him a secret.
The woman avoided entering the lake because he caught a fish.
The student arrived in the classroom completely soaked because his umbrella was broken.
The cursor on the computer screen has moved because the user clicked the mouse.
The driver made a detour because there was an accident on the main road.
I hung the wet laundry on the drying rack outside because the laundry has dried.
The woman wore sunglasses because the sunlight was dazzling.
The man admired the night sky because he wished it was summer.
I felt exhausted because i went to sleep early.
The man went to the barber because she was letting her hair grow.
The little boy was playing tricks on his new classmate because the little boy welcomed his new classmate.
I craved a glass of milk because i was eating some cookies.
It started raining because the driver has access to the headlights.
The building's parking lot was empty because i parked across the street.
The writer missed the deadline to send the draft because he had writer's block.
The clerk closed the phone in my face because i asked to go to a superior.
The wind blew through the open window because the doorbell rang.
There was a power outage in my house because i unplugged a lamp.
The cuturist groaned because he flexed his muscles in the mirror.
The student tried to do the math in his head because he pulled out a calculator.
The child fell asleep because the dad changed the baby's diaper.
The girl threw the water balloon at the boy because the boy had a concussion.
The photographer forgot to use the flash because the photos came out blurry.
I turned down the invitation to the birthday party because i was alone.
I did gymnastics because i felt full of energy.
I wrung out the damp sponge because he absorbed some water.
The vacationers reached the holiday village by ferry because the resort was full.
The little girl got a tattoo because he was afraid of needles.
An unknown car parked outside my house because i got suspicious.
The criminal has constituted himself because evidence indicted him.
A robust man has decided to lose weight because he excluded sweets from the diet.
The girl stepped on ice because she slipped.
The woman had bags under her eyes because she stayed up all night.
Lava leaked from the volcano because the volcano erupted.
The woman put on her shoes because he knew everyone at the party.
I paid the toll attendant because he let me pass the toll booth.
The executive went bankrupt because he sold all the shares in the company.
The man went to the doctor because the doctor was on leave.
I left my bedroom through the window because the house was on fire.
The child's fingers were shriveled because he took a long shower.
I spat out the milk because the milk was sour.
I missed the bus because i was early for work.
The truck collided with the car because the truck accelerated.
The team has rigged the contest in their favor because won.
The bottle of the drink fizzed because i turned the bottle upside down.
The child was locked out of the house because he came back by slipping into a window.
The doorbell rang because the visitor knocked on the door with the knocker.
The man stained his suit because he dry cleaned it.
The girl crushed the toothpaste tube because the toothpaste splashed out of the tube.
Civilian deaths from the war spiked because the pacifists organized a protest.
The girl tore the bow off her hair because he tied the bow.
The man had plastic surgery because he has aged.
A chick peeked out of the egg because the egg has hatched.
The prisoner was undernourished because is dead.
The man lost his balance on the ladder because he went up the ladder.
The child burped because he took a sip of soda.
A cold draft entered the window because i relaxed.
The student received a university scholarship because her classmates respected her.
The girl joked with the boy because she lived next door.
The hungry wanderer has stolen some food because it was pitying.
I called my friend to chat because i was looking for solitude.
The man held out his hand to me because i shook his hand.
I dodged because the fireworks were thrown into the air.
The girl bit her fingernails because she was worried.
I turned the page on the calendar because i marked an appointment on the calendar.
The husband found out that his wife was cheating on him because he fired his lawyer.
The girl dropped the rubber ball because the ball bounced.
The girl made a mistake in her assignment because he guessed the answer.
The player has tackled his opponent because his opponent took the pass.
I picked the vine tomatoes because they were ripe.
The man wanted to be romantic because he met his ex for lunch.
The mercury in the thermometer has risen because i dropped the thermometer.
A tornado has passed through the city because the courthouse roof has blown off.
The student went to repetitions because his grades have improved.
I felt comfortable because i knelt on the ground.
I polished the stone because it became slippery.
I added some sugar to the coffee because the coffee gave off a very strong smell.
The man turned the pages because it is cut with paper.
I hit the nail with the hammer because the nail has sunk into the wood.
The fish bit the line because the fisherman pulled the fish up.
The little girl was embarrassed to go to school because he had a pimple.
My face lit up because i have received some good news.
I dried my hands with a towel because the towel was wet.
The man lost his balance on the stool because the stool wobbled beneath him.
Teammates blamed each other because they lost the game.
I asked for forgiveness because i regretted my mistake.
The woman got bored with her boyfriend because he asked questions about her.
The girl flashed a smile because her cheeks are flushed.
The enemy ship exploded because it passed over a mine.
The man punctured his foot because he stepped on a puddle.
Investigators checked the prints at the crime scene because they found out the identity of the killer.
There was a lot of traffic on the highway because i took a detour.
The national economy was in decline because many people have fallen ill.
The traffic cop blew the whistle to the children because the children were about to cross with the oncoming traffic.
I rolled my eyes with my friend because he told me the truth.
The car ran out of petrol because the driver got stuck on the road.
The woman went into labor because the baby was delivered.
The man's hat flew off because the man took off his hat.
The girl attended her classmate's birthday party because he received an invitation.
The boy's forehead was hot because his mother took a fever.
The man sprayed the perfume because he wanted to impress his date.
The electricity in the house has gone out because i looked for a flashlight.
The family moved to a larger house because the son graduated from high school.
The marathoner kept a slow pace because he wanted to save energy.
The boy kicked the vending machine because the distributor spat out the rest.
My friend's dog died because i rolled my eyes.
The business owner's credit card was declined because he wrote a bill of exchange.
The man cursed because he cut his nails.
The man was proud of his brother because his brother had a fight with their parents.
The girl wanted to know more about the solar system because she went to the library.
The poster stuck to the wall because i placed the poster over the door.
The client approved the design of the building created by the architect because the architect built the palace.
The man dropped his spoon because his hand was shaking.
The CEO of the company has resigned because the board of directors dissolved the company.
I arrived late for class because i found a seat at the back of the classroom.
The man was released from prison because his family paid the bail.
The family has lost all their belongings because they sold the house.
I stepped on the can because the can was recycled.
The girl joined the debate group because he learned to use a computer.
My mood has improved because i listened to some music.
The charity has set itself the goal of raising funds because they fed the homeless.
The car plunged down the abrupt descent of the roller coaster because the passengers laughed.
I was furious because i checked the mailbox before leaving home.
The man wanted to see the sunrise because he traveled north.
I folded the paper because i recycled the sheet.
The nation suffered a natural disaster because the leaders of other nations have created an alliance.
The boy's clothes got soaked because he climbed out of the pool.
The student finished the book quickly because it was time to take him back to the library.
The criminal was executed because he was thrown in jail.
Sunlight had entered the room because i opened the shutters.
I pulled the impostor's hair out because his wig has come off.
The editor reformulated a sentence from the manuscript because he found the manuscript interesting.
The woman canceled her credit card account because she realized she had lost her card.
The man and the woman fell in love because they went to university.
The music was too low to be heard because i turned up the volume.
The boy's hair was matted because the girl messed them up.
The insect was squashed because i sprayed the repellent spray on myself.
I opened my eyes because i woke up.
The neighbor's music was deafening because i asked him to turn the volume down.
The man's family lived in poverty because he was thrifty with his salary.
The student graduated from the university because i'm looking for a job.
The artist mixed the yellow paint with the blue one because the gouache sprayed all over.
I changed the subject of conversation because i had run out of things to talk about.
My brother was released from the hospital because i welcomed him home.
The park tent rose because the opening scene of the show began.
The hostage submitted to the kidnapper's orders because the kidnapper threatened to harm the hostage.
A rumble reverberated across the stage because the musician stamped his foot.
The parents rushed to their son's bedroom because the son had woken up from a nightmare screaming.
The woman communicated through sign language because she was born premature.
There was drought in the region because the water was contaminated.
The cat chased the bird because the bird flew away.
The girl changed schools because it was the summer holidays.
The factory owner refused to raise his workers' wages because the master hired a new administrator.
The party leader antagonized extremists within his own country because the extremists influenced him.
I walked barefoot on the beach because the sand stuck to my feet.
I woke up in the middle of the night from the cold because i put on the sweatpants.
The mother silenced her son because his son made a grimace of satisfaction.
My jeans ripped apart because i pulled up the zipper.
The boy wore the braces because he took the cavities.
Yesterday I practiced in the gym because today i woke up with sore muscles.
The girls kept talking to each other at the table because other students sat down at the table.
The girl landed on the trampoline because he flew into the air again.
I put a letter in the hole because the post office delivered the letter.
The gambler was sure of himself because he wagered all his money.
The fire spread through the forest because the winds intensified.
The child peeled his knee because his mother sent him to her room.
The man survived a fatal disease because he had signed his will.
I took a sip of the hot coffee because i bit my tongue.
The publisher fired the writer because the writer avoided distortions in her stories.
I felt exhausted because i slept all day.
The doctor diagnosed the patient because he identified the patient's symptoms.
I scratched my skin because she was sweaty.
The man underwent emergency surgery because he had lost control.
The muscles on the man's arm jerked out because he had contracted his arms.
The man raised his eyebrows because he was surprised.
I excused my colleague's gaffe because i thought he had good intentions.
The man stopped smoking because he began to practice more.
The woman punched the attacker's nose because the body of the assailant fell lifeless.
The dart missed the center of the target because the man had aimed badly.
The owner requested that an exterminator come to his home because he discovered rats in the cellar.
I suggested to my host that they dine out because i was too tired to prepare anything.
The girl caught her brother peeking at his diary because he began to hide the diary.
The woman lacked the rent money because he worked overtime at work.
The little boy's hand withdrew quickly because he had touched the hot stove.
The company wanted to measure customer satisfaction because they offered a discount to new customers.
The wooden floor was scratched because the boy had thrown the pillows off the sofa.
I shielded my face because my enemy had mocked me.
The famous statue was burned because she had been struck by lightning.
I left the fruit out on the table because the seeds fell from the fruit.
The dancer tore a ligament because she was on tiptoe.
The boy had his shoes undone because he had learned to tie them.
The book had captivated me because i returned the book.
The man had beliefs similar to those of his parents because his parents had influenced him.
The car gradually slowed to a stop because he had run out of gas.
The man ate ice cream in the sun because the ice cream lost its flavor.
I hung a work of art in the room because the carpet looked dirty.
I left work early because i had a headache.
The puppy soiled the carpet because the owner scolded the puppy.
I apologized to my friend because my friend forgave me.
The man stood out from the crowd because he was carrying a backpack.
The witness lied under oath because he completed his testimony.
The woman dyed her hair because he wanted a new look.
Immigrants were caught residing illegally in the country because they found a job.
The speaker made a joke because the audience laughed.
I stared at the sun because the sun blinded me.
I felt bored because i snorted.
The steak was difficult to cut because the knife was blunt.
The woman filed for bankruptcy because he received maintenance checks.
The lights in my friend's apartment were on because i wondered if he had gone out.
I put the flower under my nose because petals fell from the flower.
The woman felt nostalgic because she ran into a childhood friend.
The student procrastinated the topic because he handed in the essay early.
My car broke down because i went to the mall.
I threw the note away because it was anonymous.
The bird flapped its wings because she laid her eggs.
I parked in the driveway because the garage was open.
The criminal aimed the gun at the victim because the criminal lowered the gun.
I was looking forward to the weekend because i was planning to attend my uncle's funeral.
Lost track of time because i was daydreaming.
The printout of the document was illegible because the printer was almost out of ink.
The stadium played the national anthem because the fans turned to the flag.
The dressing was bland because i served him.
I put some paper towels on the spill because the paper absorbed the liquid.
The woman was interrupted as she read her book because he bookmarked the page.
The plane encountered some turbulence because the man tightened his seat belt.
The boy jumped because the girl had ignored him.
The doctors gave the patient an artificial limb because they had amputated her leg.
The boy pinched the girl's elbow because she shrugged.
I asked my friend for advice because i valued his opinion.
The boy walked in the mud because the mud clung to his shoes.
Several centimeters of snow settled on the city because the schools closed.
The clerk's shift was over because he went home for that day.
The tree damaged the house because the tree had fallen on the roof.
The wood split in half because i had stacked the wood in the fireplace.
The family congratulated the couple because the couple announced that they were separating.
The girl had sent the boy a Valentine's Day because she liked him.
I nodded at my friend's statement because i was confused.
Friends tossed a coin because they wanted to find a compromise.
The timer had gone off in the kitchen because the man unloaded the groceries into the refrigerator.
The woman set an ambitious goal because he beat the slack.
The rich man died of old age because his son got into some legal trouble.
The woman stepped on the flames because the flames went out.
The woman's car was at the mechanic because her license had been withdrawn.
I fell asleep again after waking up because i made breakfast.
The public figure stepped out of the limo because cameras blinded him with flashes.
The woman lingered in the tub because the bath water became lukewarm.
The college student wanted to meet other students on campus because he joined a fraternity.
I lifted the sofa cushions because i was looking for coins.
The wasp flew towards the boy because the boy ran away.
The woman was charged with a minor offense because she was sentenced to perform social services.
I mixed some sugar into the hot tea because the tea was smoking.
The veteran walked lame because he had been drafted for the war.
The criminal escaped the police because the police took care of the victim.
The laptop did not turn on because i had dropped it.
The woman ran out of space in her closet because he had bought a large wardrobe.
The man was heartbroken because the wife had given birth.
The man got a diploma because he became qualified for the job he wanted.
The man's voice spread clearly throughout the entire audience because he greeted the audience.
I threw a coin into the water of the fountain because the coin landed on the bottom.
The player hit the ball towards the hole because the ball landed in the hole.
I inhaled the dust in the attic because i had the sob.
The store cashier called security because the customer had used counterfeit money.
I took out the garbage because the garbage made the kitchen stink.
The family went to the zoo because the children admired the animals.
The man's breathing was heavy because he had kidney failure.
I had an extra ticket for the concert because i asked my friend for directions to the room.
The air conditioner inside the house had broken because i pulled out the covers.
The boy's back ached because his backpack was open.
I bought my mother a gift because i made her a cake.
The daffodils in the garden had been destroyed because a bee had stung the gardener.
I struck the match because the flame went out.
The parties to the dispute reached an understanding because they didn't want to argue in court.
The children were sent to an orphanage because their parents were dead.
The meteorite landed in the ocean because a tsunami occurred.
The hiker encountered a poisonous snake because he became dehydrated.
The oven got hot because i had the oven on.
Squeeze the lemon wedge because the lemon moldy.
The nation discovered a new territory because the nation left the territory.
The glass fell off the table because it shattered all over the floor.
The table swayed because the floor was uneven.
The father caught his son lying because his son confessed the truth.
The man's head throbbed with pain because he took the cough syrup.
The train slowed because he was approaching the station.
The man went through therapy because he had cases of mental illness in his family.
The woman grabbed her throat because he had swallowed some food.
The woman had a sore throat because his voice sounded hoarse.
The dog eyed the succulent steak on the table because he drooled.
The woman's business was successful because he fired his employees.
The students left the classroom because the bell had rang.
The woman claimed to have seen a ghost because his acquaintances expressed their skepticism.
The man lost his hearing because he nearly drowned in the ocean.
The child let go of the balloon thread because the balloon deflated.
The man lost the ability to speak because he had had a heart attack.
The woman tripped on the sidewalk because there was a crack in the concrete.
The man took a bomb dip in the pool because the lifeguard jumped in after him.
I took some antibiotics because my infection was cured.
The traffic light turned yellow because the driver pushed the brake pedal.
The plastic container melted because immerse the container in cold water.
The car was dented because the driver had hit a telephone pole.
The boy studied all night because he skipped the exam.
The little boy clung to the poolside because he was afraid of learning to swim.
I put my hand on my chest because i felt my heart beat.
The building adjacent to my office was under construction because my office was crowded.
The family wanted to meet their new neighbors because the family invited the neighbors to dinner.
Water splashed out of the pool because the swimmer had dived into the pool.
I ate a slice of watermelon because i swallowed a seed accidentally.
The boy stumbled because the zipper of his jacket was open.
The woman put on the headphones because she was distracted by the noise.
I filled my water bottle because i had drunk all the water.
The TV show was censored because it contained foul language.
The ship was wrecked because the crew drowned.
The boy was perplexed about the riddle because he solved the riddle.
The phone rang because the man hung up the phone.
The woman was staring at me because i hugged her.
The group left the museum because they had taken photos of the exhibition.
The man started arguing with me because my friend introduced me to the man.
The tire of my bike was on the ground because i pumped air into the tire.
The girl looked pale because her father told her a story.
The pen was out of ink because i used a pencil.
The man was refused a loan because he was in debt.
The girl stayed home from school because he had chickenpox.
The garbage can was full because i threw it in the dumpster.
I vacuumed the carpet because my roommate had spilled a cocktail.
The man went into a rage because he turned off the computer.
The girl threw a twig into the bonfire because the twig burned.
The man got out of the shower because the hot water was out.
Parents wanted their children to go to college because they set aside a savings fund for the tuition.
The man untied his shoes because shoes loosened.
The man ate half of the first because he refrigerated the leftovers.
My ankle was swollen because i put ice on it.
The door to my office was open because i spoke to the colleague at my desk.
I had to wait in line because i sat up.
The man swatted the fly because the fly buzzed away.
The man wrote a will because he was dying.
The runner sensed that his rival was on his way because he abandoned the race.
I thought about the problem carefully because i asked for advice.
The traveler walked on the rickety suspension bridge because he felt terrified.
The man had predicted the team's victory because he met with his friends to watch the game.
The boy could not fall asleep because he set the alarm clock.
