The product was packaged in bubble wrap because it was fragile.
I emptied my pockets because i bought a ticket stub.
Termites occupied the house because termites disappeared from the house.
Passengers reached the border because the patrol agent checked their passports.
The office was closed because it was vacation.
The girl has run out of energy because he played checkers.
The woman lost her place in the row because more people entered the queue.
The girl stuffed her nose because the baby's saliva flowed into his apron.
The group played their hit song because the audience accompanied the music with applause.
The girl wanted to thank her math teacher because the girl was sentenced after school.
The young campers felt scared because the camp counselors told them a ghost story.
The man hit his head because lost in thought.
The check I wrote was unrequited because there was no money in my bank account.
The man's e-mail inbox was full of spam because he deleted the spam.
The seaman was quarantined because he was exposed to a disease.
The girl memorized the code because he read it himself.
I filled the glass with water because water would quench my thirst.
The man remained silent when his friend finished speaking because he wanted to support his friend.
The accident was my fault because i felt guilty.
The chain broke up because the chain was wrapped around a tire.
The couple decided to compromise because they were tired of arguing.
The woman decided to run for government office because he hired a campaign manager.
The man expected cold weather on his journey because he put warm clothes in his suitcase.
The student knew the answer to the question because he raised his hand.
The man's eyes watered because dust got into his eyes.
The player won five consecutive matches because his opponent accused him of cheating.
The teacher tore the student's exam because he caught the student cheating.
I stopped talking because i lost my voice.
The frozen meal has thawed because i put it in the microwave.
The employee pretended to be a patient because he had abdominal pain.
The girl jumped into the pool because he ran on the pool deck.
Movie tickets sold out because it was the day the movie was released.
The man lost weight because people denied him.
The girl's hands were puffed up because he wrote a letter.
The circus performer juggled while riding a unicycle because the audience applauded in surprise.
I lost my patience because my friend kept keeping me waiting.
Warring countries wanted peace because they developed nuclear weapons.
The man took sleeping pills because he was sleepy.
The woman hit the sofa because the leg of the sofa loosened.
The boy squeezed the balloon because the bubble burst.
The travelers entered their hotel rooms because they emptied their luggage.
I bit the peach because peach is crushed.
My hands have become sticky because i ate donuts.
I pushed the door because door opened.
Activists boycotted the products because products have been tested for quality assurance.
I drilled a hole in the wall because a mouse crawled out of the hole.
The woman was jealous of her sister because her sister was happy.
I poured wine on my shirt because i wore an apron.
The cashier opened the safe because the customer called his wallet.
The street musician drew a crowd because people gave him coins.
The little babysitter cried because he missed his parents.
The pilot's radar detected a storm because the pilot took off from the storm.
The tree shed its leaves because the leaves have changed colors.
The boy was naughty because he decided to play a card game with his sister.
The boy complained that he had to go to the toilet because his father gave him a carbonated drink.
The boy sprinkled fish food into the tank because the fish jumped out of the tank.
The political view of women has changed because he changed his party membership.
The bathroom sink is clogged because i turned on the tap.
The passengers got off the train because the train arrived at the station.
The man pressed the damp cover of the envelope because he put a stamp on the envelope.
Friends lost contact because they enjoyed spending time with each other.
The accountant mismanaged the company's money because he was fired from his post.
I looked at the clock because i heard the sound of the clock.
I had a cramp in my hand because i wrote with my hand.
The bolt is tightened because i changed the bolt.
The couple signed a lease for an apartment because the couple moved into a circle.
The woman sat outside on the porch because he wanted to watch the sunset.
The man was wearing a life jacket while in the water because he didn't know how to swim.
The woman word processor made a typo because he deleted the document.
He boasted to his girlfriends because he got a bad grade.
The garden was muddy because it had rained at night.
The woman fell asleep because he spent the night in a hotel.
The man put on sunscreen because he sat in the shade.
Researchers proved the theory because the researchers retracted the theory.
The fans in the match booed because the game was overtime.
I entered my password in the lock because i locked it.
The crowd denser because the father gave some money to his son.
Snow was blocking the road because i collected the snow in a snowball.
Kayakers rowed because the boat reached the shore.
The girl lost control of her bike because he released the handlebars.
I turned the fan on because water splashed on my skin.
The surfers turned to the beach because they were soaked.
I pulled the plug in the tub because water drained from tub.
The man felt guilty for cheating on his wife because he accused him of infidelity.
The ink on the poster is smeared because i waited for the ink to dry.
The boy woke up screaming because he had a nightmare.
The boy put his feet on the table because his father sat down at the table.
My friend turned his head towards me because i shouted your name.
The government put pressure on its citizens because citizens rebelled.
The boy got lost in the forest because he set up a tent.
The woman traveled abroad because he wanted to learn how to draw.
The man was jealous of his colleague because his colleague was promoted.
The man witnessed the aliens because he was hallucinating.
The man's hair turned yellow because he dyed his hair.
The artist made new works because he criticized his previous work.
The boy has moved away from home because he was discharged from the military.
Books fell out of the bookshelf because the shelves were covered with dust.
Electricity is cut off in my house because i turned on the light.
We drove the roller coaster because it looked scary.
The popcorn bag started to burst because i poured butter into the bag.
A tree fell over the power line because the electricity in the neighborhood is gone.
The speaker made politically incorrect comments because he bored the audience.
I injured myself with a needle because one sweat dripped from my face.
The fish was standing on the surface of the tank because he was hungry.
The man's voice was hoarse because he had a cold.
The elevator doors opened because the elevator reached the designated floor.
The teenager ran away from home because he lied to his parents.
Flooded bathroom because the toilet is overflowing.
The puppy stayed with its owner because the owner put the dog on a leash.
The man caught his own reflection because he stood under a wide tree.
I missed my girlfriend's call because i called him back.
In the family district because their dogs had run away from the house.
As I exhale, I saw my breath because the weather was cold.
Workers formed a union because they wanted better working conditions.
I baked an apple cake because a smell of rot filled the kitchen.
The woman had difficulty walking because he wore high heels.
Steam rose from the water bowl because the water was boiling.
All my socks are in the laundry because i wore my sandals.
The politician's argument was found absurd because he lost the support of the voters.
Everyone disappeared from the couple's engagement because the couple became pregnant.
The building is dedicated to the millionaire because the millionaire wanted to devour the building.
The salesperson accused the girl of stealing because the salesperson saw the girl putting items in her handbag.
The country declared war on the neighboring country because soldiers were sent to war.
Mhkeme approved the controversial decision because there was a riot in front of the courthouse.
The girl smelled a burning smell because he took the cookies out of the jar.
It was raining because the storm got worse.
The building has been evacuated because the elevator has stopped working.
The father got angry with his son's alcoholism because the father bought a beer for his son.
He came out of the mervids to the lawyer office because the secretary had gone home.
The man got angry with his friend because his friend interrupted him.
The girl gave the money to the cashier because the cashier gave the girl the change.
The woman was put in a wheelchair because he was paralyzed in that accident.
City residents hung a national flag outside their homes because the country was commemorating its independence.
The team lost the tournament because they disappointed their fans.
My friend stated that I have food left in my tooth because i felt ashamed.
The boy failed the history exam because he paid attention to the lesson.
The city center building was demolished because earthquake hit the city.
The man's girlfriend broke up with him because he begged him to get it back.
The two boys reached down to get the ball at the same time because the ball rolled away.
The raccoon rummaged through the litter box because there was cardboard in the trash.
The boy pointed the pencil because the pencil was cheap.
The cashier refused to return the dress because he had lost that plug.
The line on my skin was deep because he recovered quickly.
The man met the strange looks of the passengers on the train because he was looking at that place.
The child left the crumbs on the ground because the ants went to the crumbs.
She handed a napkin to her sister because the woman's brother bent his hands.
The man took a mint candy because his lips cracked.
The couple left early for the show because they have predicted traffic around the theater.
The woman stayed home from work because his boss praised him.
The man signed the activists' petition because it supported their purpose.
The man's heart was pounding before his performance because he had stage fright.
I was lost because i counted my money.
The ripe fruit was left in the sun because he won.
Car is broken because i turned on the ignition.
The man hurt his back because he went to see the psychiatrist.
I lit a fire in the fireplace because i didn't have firewood.
The woman stopped the run because there was a cramp in his side.
I knocked on my neighbor's door because my neighbor invited me in.
The woman sighed in disappointment because her husband misunderstood her concerns.
The teacher praised the student because the student answered the question correctly.
The woman has run out of eggs because the woman went to the farm.
I ran into an old friend because i gave him a secret.
The woman avoided entering the lake because the woman caught a fish.
The student classroom was drenched because his umbrella was broken.
The cursor on the computer screen moved because the user clicked the mouse.
The driver took a detour because there was an accident on the main road.
I hung the wet sheet on the clothes line outside because the laundry has dried.
The woman opened her shade because the sun was bright.
The man looked at the night sky because he wished it was summer.
I felt exhausted with tiredness because i went to bed early.
The man went to the barber because he was growing his hair.
The boy did bad tricks to his new classmate because the boy welcomed his new classmate.
My dear drew a glass of milk because i was eating cookies.
It started raining because the driver turned on the headlights.
The parking lot of the building was empty because i parked across the street.
The author missed the deadline for draft submission because the author could not write.
My coworker is obsessed with me because i wanted to talk to the manager.
The wind blew through the open window because doorbell rang.
The electricity in my house is gone because i unplugged the lamp.
The barbell grunted because he flexed his muscles in front of the mirror.
He tried to do the student calculus from his head because he took out his calculator.
The baby has fallen asleep because bbası changed the baby's diaper.
The girl threw a water balloon at the boy because the boy was shocked.
The photographer forgot to use the camera flash because photos turned out blurry.
I turned down the invitation to the birthday party because i was alone.
I exercised because i felt energetic.
I wringed the wet sponge because he inhaled the water.
Vacationers used a steamer for the resort because the resort was booked.
The teenager got a tattoo because he was afraid of needles.
An unusual car parked outside my house because i was suspicious.
The criminal surrendered because the evidence pointed to him.
The big and heavy man decided to lose weight because he cut the dessert.
The girl stepped on the ice because he slipped.
The woman has circles under her eyes because he stood up all night.
Lava flowed from the volcano because the volcano erupted.
She wore the women's shoes because he knew everyone at the party ..
I paid the toll because he let me pass the box office.
The manager went bankrupt because he sold his stake in the company.
The man went to the doctor because he was on doctor's leave.
I left my bedroom by the window because the house was on fire.
The boy's fingers are wrinkled because he took a long shower.
I spat out the milk because the milk tasted sour.
I missed the bus because i came to work early.
The truck collided with the car because the truck sped up.
The team organized the competition in their favor because they won.
The soda bottle hissed because i knocked over the bottle.
The boy was locked in the house because he crawled through that open window.
Doorbell rang because the visitor touched the knocker on the door.
The man smeared his suit because he had him do the drying cleaning.
The girl squeezed the toothpaste tube because the toothpaste gushed out of the tube.
Civilian deaths in the war increased rapidly because anti-war protests organized.
The girl pulled the ribbon from her hair because he tied the ribbon.
The man had plastic surgery because he got old.
One chick hatched because the egg cracked.
The prisoner starved a lot because he's dead.
The man lost his balance on the ladder because he climbed the ladder.
The boy burped because he took a sip of that soda.
A cold air came from your window because i am relieved.
The student received a scholarship to go to university because classmates respected him.
The girl made fun of the boy because he lived in the house next to him.
The hungry hooker stole food because it inspired compassion.
I invited my friend to chat because i wanted privacy.
The man held out his hand to me because i shook his hand.
I bowed my head quickly because the fireworks started to go up.
The girl ate her nails because he was worried.
I turned the page on the calendar because i've marked an appointment on the calendar.
The husband discovered that his wife was with someone else because he fired his lawyer.
The girl dropped the plastic ball because the ball bounces.
The girl made a mistake in the exam because he guessed the answer.
The player struggled with his opponent because his opponent caught the rust.
I got the tomatoes without hanging because they were ripe.
The man wanted to be romantic because he met his ex-girlfriend for lunch.
Mercury in the thermometer rose because i dropped the thermometer.
A hurricane passed through town because the roof of the courthouse flew away.
The student took private lessons because his grades have improved.
I feel comfortable because i knelt on the ground.
I polished the stone because it was slippery.
I added sugar to the coffee because the coffee smelled strong.
The man shuffled the papers because it was a paper cut to him.
I hammered the nail in because the nail went into the wood.
The fish bit the fishing rod because the fisherman drew the fish.
The teenager was embarrassed to bring it to school because he had acne.
My facial expression brightened because i got good news.
I wiped my hands with a towel because the towel was wet.
The man lost his balance on the seat because he swayed under the seat.
Teammates blamed each other because they lost the game.
I asked him to forgive because i regret my mistake.
The woman was bored with the person she was dating because he asked questions about him.
The girl smiled because her cheeks reddened.
The enemy ship blew up because he passed over the mine.
The man pierced his foot because he went into the puddle.
Detectives dusted the crime scene for fingerprints because they discovered the identity of the criminal.
There was a lot of traffic on the highway because i took a different path.
The country's economy is in decline because many people got sick.
The transition worker blew his whistle on the children because they were about to enter oncoming traffic.
I rolled my eyes behind my back because he told me the truth.
The car ran out of gas because the driver was stranded on the road.
The woman gave birth because the baby was born.
The man's hat flew off because he took off his hat.
The girl attended her classmate's birthday party because he received an invitation.
The boy's forehead was warm because her mother looked at her fever.
The man sprayed himself with perfume because he wanted to influence his dating.
The electricity in the house was cut off because i looked for a flashlight.
The family moved to a larger house because the boy graduated from high school.
The marathon player kept his slow pace because he wanted to preserve his energy.
The kid kicked the vending machine because the machine threw the coin.
My friend's dog died because i rolled my eyes on him.
The businessman's credit card was not accepted because he wrote a bill of debt.
The man cursed because he cut his nails.
The man was proud of his brother because his brother got into an argument with his parents.
The girl wanted to learn about the solar system because he went to the library.
The poster stuck to the wall because i placed the poster on the door.
The client approved the architect's plan for the building because the architect built the building.
The man dropped his spoon because his hands were shaking.
The CEO of the company resigned because the board dissolved the company.
I arrived late for class because i sat in the back row.
The man was released from prison because his family paid his bail.
The family lost all their possessions because they sold their house.
I crushed the aluminum can with my foot because the box was recycled.
The girl joined the debate team because he learned to use a computer.
My mood improved because i listened to music.
The charity aimed to raise money because they fed the homeless.
The roller coaster in the roller coaster went down steeply fast because the passengers chuckled.
I was angry because leaving home, i checked the mailbox.
The man wanted to watch the sun rise because he traveled north.
I folded the paper because i recycled the paper.
The nation endured natural disaster because leaders of other countries formed a union.
The boy's clothes got wet because he came out of the pool.
The student hurried to finish the book because he had to be returned to the library.
The criminal was executed because he was imprisoned.
Sunlight entered the room because i opened the curtains.
I pulled the crook's hair because his wig came off.
The editor rearranged a sentence in the text because he found the article effective.
The woman canceled her credit card account because he realized that his card had been lost.
The man and the woman fell in love because they went to college.
The sound of music was too weak to hear because i turned the volume up.
The boy's hair stood up because the girl puffed him up.
The insect was crushed because i sprayed myself with an insect repellant.
I opened my eyes because i woke up.
My neighbor's music was loud because i asked him to turn it down.
The man's family lived in poverty because he valued his earrings.
The student graduated from university because he sought work.
The artist mixed yellow paint with blue paint because paint smeared everywhere.
I changed the subject of the chat because i have nothing left to talk about.
My brother was discharged because i met him at home.
The stage curtain lifted because the opening scene has started.
The hostage fell into the hands of the person who kidnapped him because the kidnapper threatened to hurt the hostage.
A rumble rang out on the stage because the musician hit his foot on the ground.
His parents rushed to their children's room because the boy woke up from his nightmare screaming.
The woman was communicating in sign language because the woman was born as a result of premature birth.
A drought occurred in the area because the water is poisoned.
The cat chased the bird because the bird flew away.
The girl changed school because the school is on summer break.
The factory owner refused to raise his employees because the boss has appointed a new manager.
The leader made the radicals in his country an enemy because radicals took hold of him.
I walked barefoot on the beach because sand stuck to my feet.
I woke up cold in the middle of the night because i wore sweatpants.
The mother silenced her child because the boy grinned.
A hole was punched in my pants because i zipped my pants.
The boy was wearing braces because a groove has formed in his tooth.
I worked at the gym yesterday because today i woke up with muscle pains.
The girls whispered to each other at the dinner table because other students sat down at the dining table.
The boy landed on the trampoline because it blew up again.
I left the letter in the mailbox because the postman handed over the letter.
The gambler was confident because he bet with all his money.
The forest fire spread because the wind grew stronger.
The boy injured his knee because his mother sent him to his room.
The man survived the fatal illness because he signed his will.
I took a sip of boiling coffee because i bit my tongue.
The editor fired the author because the author refrained from bias in his stories.
I felt tired because i slept all day.
The doctor diagnosed the patient because he described the patient's symptoms of illness.
I scratched my skin because he was sweaty.
The man had an emergency surgery because he's nervous.
The man's arm muscles were swollen because he tightened his arms.
The man raised his eyebrows because the man was surprised.
I ignored my co-worker blunder because i thought he meant well.
The man stopped smoking because he started exercising more.
The woman punched the attacker in the nose because the attacker stood still.
Dart couldn't hit right because the man did not aim properly.
The owner wanted his house to be sprayed against insects because he saw mice in the basement.
I offered my guest to eat out because i was too tired to prepare something.
The girl caught her brother reading her diary because he started keeping his diary.
The woman could not afford the rent because he started to work overtime.
The boy suddenly withdrew his hand because he touched the hot stove.
The company wanted to measure customer satisfaction because they offered discounts to their new customers.
The wooden floor started to scratch because the teenager lifted the cushions on the sofa.
I kept my face because my opponent made fun of me.
The famous statue was burned because lightning struck him.
I left the fruit on the table because he poured the fruit seeds.
One of the ballerina's connective tissue was ruptured because he sharpened his toes.
The boy's shoelaces are untied because he learned how to tie a knot.
I was fascinated by the book because i returned the book.
Adam had similar beliefs to his family because his family impressed him.
The car stopped slowly because he ran out of gas.
The man ate his ice cream in the sun because the flavor of the ice cream has disappeared.
I hung artworks in the room because the carpet was looking dirty.
I left work early because i had headache.
Puppy dirty on the carpet because the owner scolded his dog.
I apologized to my friend because my friend forgave me.
The man was obviously rude because he was carrying a backpack.
The eyewitness lied while under oath because he completed his statement.
The woman dyed her hair because he wanted a new look.
Refugees were caught living illegally because they found a job.
The speaker exploded a joke because the audience laughed.
I looked at the sun because the sun caught my eye.
I felt bored because i snore.
The steak was difficult to cut because the blade was dull.
The woman declared her bankruptcy because he started getting alimony.
The lights were on in my friend's house because i wondered if he was outside.
I put the flower under my nose because the leaves of the flower have fallen off.
The woman felt nostalgic because he met his childhood friend.
The student postponed the writing homework because he sent his paper early.
My car broke down because i went to the mall.
I ignored the note because the owner was uncertain.
The bird flapped its wings because he laid eggs.
I parked on the roadside because the garage was open.
The criminal pointed his gun at the victim because the criminal lowered his gun.
I was looking forward to the weekend because i had a plan to attend my uncle's funeral.
I did not know how the time passed because i was dreaming.
The printout I got was not legible because the printer's cartridge was empty.
The stadium played the national anthem because the fans turned to the flag.
The sauce came light because i served him.
I put a paper towel on the spilled thing because the towel absorbed the liquid.
They interrupted the woman in the middle of her book because he marked the page he was reading.
The plane went into turbine because the man tightened his seat belt.
The boy was startled because the girl ignored him.
Doctors put prosthesis on the patient because they amputated his leg.
The boy pinched the girl's elbow because the girl shrugged at the boy.
I asked my friend for advice because i valued your opinion.
The boy stepped into the mud because mud stuck to his shoes.
A few inches of snow fell on the town because schools are on holiday.
Employees' time is over because they returned home.
The tree damaged the house because the tree fell on the roof of the house.
The billet split in two because i lined the firewood in the fireplace.
The family congratulated the couple because the couple announced that they would divorce.
The girl sent a love letter to the boy because the girl liked him.
Shaking my head I showed that I joined my friend because i was confused.
Friends tossed a coin because they wanted to find a middle ground.
The counter in the kitchen began to squeal because the man took the ingredients out of the refrigerator.
The woman set an ambitious goal because he was lazy.
The rich man passed away from old age because his son got into trouble with the law.
The woman stepped on the flame because the flame went out.
The woman's car was repaired because his license was seized.
I did not wake up to my alarm because i prepared breakfast.
Famous got out of the limo because the cameras flashed in his direction.
The woman lingered in the tub because tub water got warm.
The college student wanted to meet others on campus because he joined the school union.
I removed the sofa cushions because i was looking for a coin.
The bee flew towards the boy because the boy ran away.
The woman was convicted of a crime because he was sentenced to community service.
I mixed sugar with hot tea because the tea gave off smoke.
Gazi was bouncing and walking because he was called into battle.
The criminal escaped from the police because the police took care of the victim.
Laptop would not turn on because i dropped it.
There is no room in the woman's closet because he acquired a big closet.
The man is heartbroken because his wife gave birth.
The man received a license because he became qualified for the job he wanted.
The man's voice was well transmitted in the conference hall because he greeted the audience.
I threw a coin in the well because the coin has sunk to the bottom.
The player hit the ball in the hole because the ball went into the hole.
I swallowed dust in the attic because i was sobbing.
The cashier called security because the customer used counterfeit money.
I took the garbage out because the garbage kitchen smelled bad.
The family went to the zoo because the children watched the animals with admiration.
The man's breathing was very loud because her kidneys were bankrupt.
I had an extra ticket to the concert because i asked my friend for directions to the place.
The air conditioner in the house is broken because i took off the quilts.
The boy's back ached because his bag was open.
I bought a gift for my mother because i baked a cake for him.
The daffodils in the garden were destroyed because the gardener stung a bee.
I lit a match because the fire went out.
Discussing groups have come to an agreement because they didn't want to argue in court.
The children were sent to the orphanage because their families passed away.
A meteor crashed into the ocean because a tsunami occurred.
He was walking he came across a venomous snake because he was thirsty.
The oven is hot because i opened the oven.
I squeezed my lemon slice because the lemon got moldy.
Ule made new lands because the country left the land.
The glass fell off the table because my money was on the ground.
The table was wobbling because the floor was not level.
The father caught his child lying because the boy confessed the truth.
The man's head throbbed in pain because he took cough syrup.
The train slowed down because he was approaching the station.
The man went through the therapy process because mental illness was inherited.
The woman held her throat because he swallowed his bite.
The woman's throat hurt because his voice was squeaky.
The dog was staring at the juicy steak on the table because his mouth watered.
The woman's business was successful because he fired his employees.
The students left the class because the bell rang.
The woman said she saw a ghost because he stated their suspicions they knew.
The man lost his hearing because he almost drowned in the ocean.
The boy let go of the balloon rope because the balloon deflated.
The man lost his ability to speak because he had a stroke.
The woman got stuck on the sidewalk because there was a crack in the concrete.
The man jumped bombing into the pool because the lifeguard jumped after him.
I took antibiotics because my infection cleared up.
The traffic light turned yellow because the driver hit the brakes.
The plastic container melted because i dipped the bowl in warm water.
There was a crash in the car because the driver hit a phone booth.
The boy worked all night because he did not take the exam.
The boy clung to the edge of the pool because he was afraid of learning to swim.
I put my hand on my chest because i felt my heart beat.
There was construction in the building at the foot of my office because my office was crowded.
The family wanted to know their neighbors because the family invited their neighbors to dinner.
Water splashed out of the pool because the swimmer dived into the pool.
I bit a slice of watermelon because i accidentally swallowed kernels.
The boy got stuck because the zipper of his jacket was not closed.
The woman put on the ear plugs because he was distracted by the sound.
I refilled my water bottle because i drank all the water in it.
The TV show was censored because it contained a harsh language.
Ship sank because the crew drowned.
The boy found the riddle difficult because he solved the riddle.
The phone rang because the man hung up.
The woman was looking at me because i hugged him.
The group left the museum because they took pictures of the exhibitions.
The man started arguing with me because my friend introduced me to the man.
The wheel of my bike has dropped because i pressed air on the wheel.
The girl looked pale because his father read a story to him.
The pen is out of ink because i used a pencil.
The man's loan request was denied because the man was in debt.
The girl did not go to school because he had chickenpox.
The trash can was full because i emptied it in the trash.
I swept the carpet because my roommate spilled her drink.
The man got nervous because he shut down his computer.
The girl threw a branch at the campfire because the branch burned.
The man came out of the shower because hot water was not flowing.
His parents wanted their children to go to university because they saved the university tuition.
The man took off the laces of his shoes because shoes are loose.
The man ate half the vestibule because he put the rest in the fridge.
My wrist is swollen because i put ice on it.
My office door was open because i was at the table with my colleague.
I had to wait in line because i sat.
The man waved his arm at the fly because the fly flew.
The man wrote down his will because he was dying.
The runner felt his opponent approach him because withdrew from the race.
I thought about the problem partially because i wanted advice.
The passenger walked on the swinging vine bridge because he felt scared.
The man had predicted his team would win because he met with his friends to watch the match.
The child could not sleep because he set an alarm.
