The item was wrapped with bubble wrap because he was fragile.
I poured my posh because i get a banknote.
Ants invaded the house because the ants disappeared from the house.
Travelers arrived at the border because the border agent inspected the passports.
The office was closed because it was vacation.
The woman had lost her energy because he played the eyes of two ladies.
The wife lost her place in the line because more people came to join the line.
The woman pinched her nose because the baby was foaming on her bib.
The band played their hit songs because the audience applauded with the music.
The woman wanted to thank her math teacher because the woman remained after school in punishment.
The young campers felt scared because the host told them a ghost story.
The gentleman hit himself because he was lost in his thoughts.
The check I made was redeemed because my bank account was empty.
His email box was full of spam because it removed the spam.
The sailor was placed in quarantine because he was exposed to the disease.
The woman learned the code by heart because he recited it alone.
I poured the water into the glass because water quenched my thirst.
He remained silent when his friend had finished speaking because he wanted to offer friends neither a support.
The accident was my fault because i felt guilty.
The shenn fell to pieces because the shenn was wrapped around a rubber.
The couple decided to find a compromise because they became tired of beating together.
The wife decided to present herself for the election because he hired a campaign manager.
The gentleman predicted cold on his journey because she was carrying warm clothes in her suitcase.
Eidyan answered the question because he raised his hand.
The man's eyes filled with tears because dust entered her eyes.
The player won five games in a row because his opponent accused him of cheating.
The mistress shire the student's exam because he found the student cheating.
I paused to stop talking because i lost my voice.
The frozen food was thawed because i put it in the microwave.
The employee looked sick because she had pain in her stomach.
The woman landed in the pool because he ran onto the pool terrace.
All tickets for the film have been sold out because it was the opening day of the film.
The gentleman was thin because people isolated him.
But the woman had blisters because he typed a letter.
The Cycle Artist juggled while cycling because the audience was shocked and applauded.
I lost my patience because my friend made me wait.
The warring countries wanted peace because nuclear weapons were developed.
He took a nap because she became numb.
The wife hit the sofa because the legs of the sofa became loose.
The boy was holding the balloon because the balloon burst.
Travelers have registered for the hotel room because they unpacked their bags.
I took a piece of the peach because the peach was damaged.
But I got stuck because i ate a bath.
I pushed open the door because the door opened.
Activists boycott their products because the products were tested to ensure their quality.
I drilled a hole in the wall because a smile came from the hole.
The wife was jealous of her sister because her sister was happy.
I spilled wine on my shirt because i put on an apron.
The cashier opened the crate because the client dried in his wallet.
Street musicians attracted a crowd because people gave him coins.
The boy began to cry with the bonnet because she missed her parents.
The radar pilot detected a storm because the pilot sailed away from the storm.
The tree has lost its leaves because the leaves turned different colors.
The boy felt a bit clever because she decided to play a card game with her sister.
The child was moaning he needed to go to the bathroom because his father gave him a cola to drink.
The child put fish food in the tank because the fish were sort of fluttering in the tank.
His wife's political mind changed because he changed his political affiliation.
The sink was clogged because i turned on the faucet.
The passengers got off the train because the train arrives at the station.
The gentleman hurried over the flap of the envelope because he put a stamp on the envelope.
Friends lost contact because they loved spending time together.
Accountants have mismanaged their company finances because he was fired from his post.
I watched the pendulum because i heard the pendulum ticking.
But I was surprised because i wrote the essay by hand.
They tightened because i replaced the bolt.
The couple signed a contract for an apartment because the couple came to live in the apartment.
The woman sat on the porch because he wanted to watch the sunset.
The gentleman wore a softaj vest because he could not swim.
The woman made a mistake in typing because he deleted the document.
The woman made interesting in front of her friend because he had bad grades.
The lawn was full of mud because there was a lot of rain last night.
The wife slept too much because he spent the night at the altar.
The gentleman wore sunscreen because he sat in the shade.
Seek to have proven the theory because seek to have removed the theory.
Fans of the match cried boo because the match made time to add.
I put the combination in the seru because i closed the lock.
The crowd grew because the father gives money to his son.
The snow was blocking the aisle because i make a ball with the snow.
The kayakers rowed with their rams because the kayak reached the shore.
The woman lost control of her bicycle because he let go of the handles.
I turned on the fan because the water ruffled my skin.
The sofas were back on the beach because they were completely wet.
I fired caps into the bathtub because the water came out of the basin.
The husband felt guilty for cheating on his wife because he is accused of deception.
Ink on the poster was smeared because i waited for the ink to dry.
The child woke up screaming because it was a nightmare.
The boy put his foot on the table because his father was sitting at the table.
My friend turned his head in my direction because i called her name.
Government has oppressed its citizens because citizens were riotous organizations.
The boy was lost in the woods because he made a tent.
The wife traveled abroad because he wanted to learn to draw.
The gentleman was jealous of his colleague because his colleague got bargains.
He saw aliens because he was hallucinating.
The man's hair turned yellow because it contained bleach.
The artist realized a new painting because he criticized the chart he had made before.
The son left the house because he was freed from the army.
The books were sort of falling from the library because the book shelves were covered with dust.
The electricity in my house was shut down because i lit a lamp.
We rode the roller coaster because it has terrifying looks.
The popcorn bag started to pop because i put butter in the bag.
A tree fell on the power line because electricity in the neighborhood was turned off.
Speakers said two things that were politically insensitive because the assembly found it boring.
I poked myself with a pin because a drop of sweat fell on my face.
The fish floated on the surface of the tank because he was hungry.
The gentleman's voice sounded hoarse because he had the flu.
The elevator doors opened because the elevator gets to where it needs to be.
The teen came out of the house quietly because he lied to his parents.
The bathroom was flooded because the bathroom was overflowing.
The puppy lived next to his master because the owner put a collar on the puppy.
The gentleman saw his reflection because he stood on the big tree.
I missed my girlfriend's call because i called her again.
The family searched the neighborhood because the dogs ran away.
I saw my breath as I breathed because the weather was cold.
Employees formed a union because they wanted better working conditions.
I made an apple pie because a rotten odor filled the kitchen.
The woman struggled to walk because he was wearing high heels.
Steam came out of the water bomb because the water was boiling.
All my socks were worn o dirty because i was wearing sandals.
The politician's argument was considered ridiculous because he lost voter support.
Everyone disapproved of the couple's engagement because the couple became pregnant.
The ship was dedicated to the millionaire because the millionaire wanted to break the ship.
The seller accused the woman of theft because the seller saw the woman put the goods in her bag.
The country declared war on the neighboring territory because soldiers were sent to fight.
The court upheld the controversial judgment because a mess had landed in front of the courthouse.
The woman smelled something burning because he takes the cookies from the jar.
It was raining because earth storms get harder.
The building was evacuated because the elevator remained operational.
The father was not happy about his son's alcoholism because the pope bought his son a beer.
The lawyer took the stairs to climb into his office because the secretary went home at the end of the day.
The gentleman became annoyed with his friends because her friend interrupted her.
The woman gave the cashier her money because the cashier gives the woman his coin.
The wife was put in a wheelchair because he was paralyzed in an accident.
Citizens hoisted the national flag in front of their homes because the country was commemorating its independence.
The team lost the tournament because they disappointed the fans.
My friend told me I had something in my teeth because i felt embarrassed.
The boy failed his story exam because he was careful in class.
The downtown building collapsed because an earthquake hit the site.
The man's girlfriend ended up with him because he begged her to come back with him.
The two children reached out to retrieve the balloon at the same time because the balloon rolled away.
The summer raccoon ravaged the trash because there was cardboard in the trash.
The boy sharpened his pencil because it was cheap.
The cashier refused the wife a refund for the dress because he lost the receipt.
Egratinu on my skin was profound because he healed fast.
He received two other passengers on the train because he was staring at the ground.
The child left bread crumbs on the floor because the ants went to take the crumbs.
The wife gave her sister a paper towel because the wife's sister crossed her arms.
The gentleman took a mint because her lips were chapped.
The couple came out early for the performance because they were expected to traffic in front of the theater.
The woman stayed at home and did not go to work because his boss congratulated him.
The gentleman signed the activists' petition because he supported his cause.
The actor's heart was beating before his performance because he had tracks.
I was lost because i counted my cash.
The ripe fruit remained on the tree because they ate it.
The car crashed because i turned the contact back on.
The man hurt his back because he went to see a psychiatrist.
I set fire to the fireplace because i ended up with wood for the fire.
The woman arrested her jogging because he took a cramp in his place.
I knocked on my neighbor's door because my neighbors invited me to join.
The wife sighed in disappointment because her husband did not understand her concern.
The professor complimented the student because the student answered the questions correctly.
The wife ended up with the eggs because he went to the farm.
I'm meeting an old friend because i revealed a secret to her.
The wife avoided going to the lake because he caught a fish.
Students arrived in the class completely wet because his umbrella was broken.
Arrows on the computer moved because the user clicked on the computer smile.
The driver made other roads because there was an accident on the main road.
I put the wet linen out on the dress line because the linen became dry.
The woman is wearing sunglasses because the sun was shining.
The man stared at the night sky because she wished it was summer.
I felt very tired because i went to bed early.
The man went to the barber's house because she would let her hair grow.
The boy also played bad on his new classmate because the boy welcomed his new classmate.
I had one craving for a glass of milk because i was eating cookies.
It started to rain because the driver turned on the headlights.
The building parking lot was empty because i was parked across the street.
The writer missed the deadline for the first draft because he had writer's block.
The associate hung up on me because i asked to speak to the leader.
Wind blew through the open window because the doorbell rang.
My home electricity was turned off because i unplugged the lamp.
The guy who got up was growling because she inflated her bib in the mirror.
Student tried to do the calculation by himself because it turned out to be a calculator.
The baby fell asleep because the father changed his bed.
The woman threw the water balloon at the boy because the boy was shocked.
The photographer forgot to put the flash in the Kodak because the pictures come out blurry.
I declined invitations to the party because i felt lonely.
I exercised because i felt energetic.
I was twisting the wet sponge because he absorbed the water.
Vacationers took a ferry to get to the vacation station because the vacation station was reserved.
The teenager got a tattoo because she was afraid of needles.
A car I was not used to seeing became parked in front of the house because i became suspicious.
The criminal surrendered to police because the evidence involved it.
The big man decided to lose weight because he was arrested eating candy.
The woman walked on the veggie because he slipped and fell.
The woman had a look on her face because he stayed up all night.
Larvae flowed from the volcano because the volcano erupted.
The woman put on her shoes because he knew everyone at the party.
I paid the toll assistant because he let me pass through the toll.
The executive went bankrupt because he sold all his company shares.
The man went to the doctor because the doctor took leave.
I exited my room by the window because the house caught fire.
The boy's fingers became wrinkled because she took a long shower.
I crushed the letter because the latter had flavor though.
I missed the bus because i came to work early.
The truck collided with the car because the truck went faster.
The team tied the contest to their advantage because they won.
The bottle of cola was whistling because i turned the bottle over.
The boy was locked outside because he passed through an open window.
The doorbell rang because the visitor knocked on the door.
The gentleman tashe his suit because he made it clean.
The woman weighed the toothpaste tube because the toothpaste gushed out the tube.
Civilian deaths in the war increased because the pacifists mounted a protest.
The woman pulled ribbons from her hair because he tied the ribbon.
The man underwent plastic surgery because he grew up.
A small hen came out of the egg because the egg was hatched.
Prisoners were starving because he died.
He lost his balance on the ladder because he climbed the ladder.
The child gasped because he took a sip of cola.
A cold stream passed through the window because i was comfortable.
Students received a scholarship to go to college because his classmates respected him.
The woman teased the boy because he stayed next to her.
The hungry vagabond stole the food because it provoked pity.
I called my friend to chat because i wanted to look at my privacy.
The gentleman reached out and handed it to me because i shook her hand.
I bowed my head because fireworks were launched into the atmosphere.
The woman ate her nails because he was worried.
I turned the page on the calendar because i marked an appointment on the calendar.
The husband discovered that his wife was cheating on him because he fired his lawyer.
The woman released the rubber ball because the ball bounced.
The woman made a mistake in her examination because he guessed the answer.
The player attacked his opponent because his opponent caught the pass.
He picked the tomatoes on the tomato plants because they were ripe.
He wanted to be a bit romantic because he met with his girlfriend for lunch.
Mercury in the thermometer went up because i let the thermometer fall.
A tornado passed through the city because the roof of the pallor flew away.
The student received tutoring because his score improved.
I felt uncomfortable because i knelt on the floor.
I polished the stone because it became slippery.
I added sugar to the coffee because the coffee felt strong.
He shuffled the papers because it came off with the paper.
I hit the nail with the hammer because the nail entered the wood.
The fish bit the line because the fisherman made the fish go up.
The teen was embarrassed to go to school because it had a button.
The expression on my face was overjoyed because i got good news.
I wiped even with a towel because the towel was wet.
The gentleman lost his balance on the stool because the stool was chemistry beneath it.
The comrades blamed each other because they lost their match.
I apologized because i was sorry for my fault.
His wife became bored with the person he had arranged because he asked her questions about her life.
The woman gave a big smile because his face turned red.
The enemy ship exploded because it happened on the mine.
The gentleman broke his foot because he walked in a puddle.
Detectives took their fingerprints on the links because the identity of the killer was discovered.
There were many traffic jams on the highway because i was taken aback.
The nation's economy was down because many people became ill.
The traffic officer whistled to the children because they were ready to walk in the traffic.
I rolled my eyes at my friend because he told me the truth.
The car ended up with the gas because the driver was stuck on the road.
The woman began to give birth because the baby has come.
The man's hat flew away because he took off his hat.
The woman went to her fellow party because he received an invitation.
The boy's forehead felt warm because her mother took her temperature.
The gentleman sprayed himself with cologne because he wanted to make a good impression on his girlfriend.
Electricity in the house was shut down because i was looking for a flash.
The family moved to another home because the son finished high school.
The marathon runner kept a pace not too fast because he wanted to conserve his energy.
The boy gave the car sold at a glance because the car spat the coin.
Shen my friend died because i rolled my eyes.
The Business Credit Card was not accepted because he wrote a debt slip.
He was insulted because she cut her nails.
He was proud of his brother because his brother quarreled with his parents.
The woman wanted to learn more about the solar system because he went to the library.
The poster was pasted on the wall because i put the poster on the door.
The client approved the architect's plan for the building because the architect erected the building.
He dropped his spoon because but he was trembling.
The company's CEO resigned because the board of directors dissolved the company.
I arrived late at the conference because i was sitting in the back row.
He was released from prison because his family paid his bail.
The family lost all personal belongings because they sold their houses.
I broke Cola's box because the box was recycled.
The woman was enrolled in the debate team because he learned how to use computers.
I felt better because i listened to music.
The association undertook to procure funds because they fed the poor.
The roller coaster plunged under the steep slope because the passengers laughed against them.
I was completely upset because i looked at the mailbox as i left the house.
He wanted to watch the sun rise because he travels north.
I folded the paper because i recycled the paper.
The nation suffered a natural disaster because foreign leaders formed an alliance.
Boy's clothes got wet because he exited the pool.
The student jumped to finish the book because he felt brought back to the library.
The criminal was executed because he was put in prison.
Sunlight entered the room because i opened the curtains.
I shot the scammer's hair because his wig came out.
The editor re-wrote a sentence from the manuscript because he found the manuscript convincing.
The wife canceled her credit card account because he realized the card was gone.
The husband and wife fell in love because they went to college.
The music was too low for us to hear because i turned up the volume.
The boy's hair stood still because the woman untied it.
The insect crashed because i sprayed myself with begon.
I opened my eyes because i woke up.
My neighbors' music was ringing loudly because i asked her down it.
The man's family lived in misery because he did not waste his money.
The student finished university because he was looking for a job.
The artist mixed yellow paint into blue paint because paintings were scattered.
I changed the theme of the conversation because i ended up with everything i had to say.
My brother was released from the hospital because i welcomed her home.
Curtains on the stage rose because the first scene of the play began.
The hostage did what the kidnappers asked because the kidnapper threatened to harm the hostages.
A boom crossed the platform because the musician tapped his foot.
The parents ran to their children's room because the child woke up with the scream of his nightmare fault.
The wife communicated with sign language because he was born prematurely.
There was a drought in the region because the water became contaminated.
The cat ran after the bird because birds flew away.
The woman changed schools because the school was released for the vacation grandmothers.
The factory boss refused to raise staff salaries because the employer has appointed a new director.
The leader angered the extremists in his country because extremists have influenced him.
I walked barefoot on the beach because sand stuck to my feet.
I woke up cold in the night because i was wearing my joggin pants.
The mother appeased her son because her son grimaced.
A hole was torn in my jinn because i zipped my jin.
The boy put the device in his mouth because he had a caries.
I trained in the gym yesterday because i woke up this morning with sore muscles.
The women whispered to each other as they sat down because the other students sat at the table.
The child landed on the springboard because he fluttered overhead.
I dropped the letter in the mailbox because the post office delivered the letter.
The gambler had confidence because he bet all his money.
The forest fire spread because the winds became stronger.
The child shredded his knee because her mother sent her to her room.
The man escaped the deadly disease because he signed his will.
I took a sip of the hot coffee because i bit my tongue.
The editor fired the writer because the writer avoided bias in his story.
I felt very tired because i slept all day.
The doctor diagnosed the patient because he identified the patient's symptoms.
I scratched my skin because i was sweating.
The man underwent emergency surgery because it stung an anger.
The muscle of his arm was bulging because she inflated her arms.
The man raised his eyebrows because he was surprised.
I apologized to my colleague's blunder because i believed his intention was good.
The man was arrested for smoking because he started doing more exercise.
The wife gave her assailant a nose punch because the aggressor's body became stiff.
The arrow missed the target because the gentleman was wrongly targeted.
The owner asked an exterminator to come home because he discovered rats in the basement.
I suggested my guests go out to dinner because i was too tired to prepare something.
The woman surprised her brother who was reading her diary because she starts hiding her diary.
The wife did not have enough money to pay the rent because he worked overtime.
The child removed his hand quickly because he touched the hot oven.
The company wanted to assess customer satisfaction because they were offering a discount for new customers.
The wooden floor became scribbled because the boy sent the cousins ​​to sort of fall off the couch.
I protected my face because my enemy teased me.
The celebrity was burned because he was struck by lightning.
I left the fruits on the table because the fruits were made into seeds.
The ballerina tore a ligament because he pointed his toe.
The child's laces were defeated because he learned how to tie them.
I was fascinated by the book because i brought the book back.
The man had the same beliefs as his parents because his parents influenced him.
The car came to rest slowly because it ended up in the gas.
The gentleman drank the cream in the sun because the cream had lost its flavor.
I hung boards in the room because the carpet looked dirty.
I left my job early because i had headaches.
The little doggie saved the carpet because the master insulted the little doggie.
I apologized to my friend because my friend forgave me.
The gentleman made himself noticed in the crowd because he carried a backpack.
The witness lied under oath because he ended up giving his testimony.
The woman dyed her hair because she wanted them new look.
Migrants were taken to live undocumented in the country because they found work.
Speaker gave a joke because the audience laughed.
I watched the sun because the sun blinded me.
I felt bored because i was overwhelmed.
The steak was hard to cut because the knife was not sharp.
The wife declared bankruptcy because he received alimony.
The light in my friend's apartment was on because i wondered if it was out.
I put the flower on my nose because the petals were sort of falling off the flower.
The wife felt nostalgic because she met a friend of her youth.
The student was textured on the paper because he handed over the paper early.
My car took off because i went to the mall.
I threw away the note because he was anonymous.
The bird fluttered its wings because she laid eggs.
I was parked in the aisle because the garage was open.
The criminal aimed the revolver at his victim because the criminal lowered his revolver.
I was looking forward to the weekend because i planned to attend my uncle's funeral.
I forgot the air because i was dreaming.
Documents came out blurring in the press because the press lacked ink.
The stadium played the national anthem because the fans turned to the flag.
The sauce tasted fad because i served it.
I put the paper towel on what fell because the paper towel absorbed the liquid.
The woman was interrupted in the middle of what she was reading because he marked the page.
The plane was joined by tornadoes because the man fastened his seatbelt.
The boy flexed because the woman ignored it.
Doctors gave the patient a prosthetic device because they cut off her legs.
The boy pinched the girl's elbow because he shrugged his shoulders.
I asked my friends for advice because i appreciated her opinion.
The boy walked in mud because the mud stuck to his shoes.
The city took several inches of snow because the schools were female.
Staff turnover ended because he went home for the day.
The tree damaged the house because the tree fell on the roof.
The wood was broken in two because i piled the wood in the fireplace.
The family congratulated the couple because the couple announced their separation.
The woman sent the boy a St. Valentine card because he loved it.
I shook my head at my friend's statement because i was confused.
Friends are shooting at your deck face because they wanted to find a compromise.
The timer in the kitchen rang because the gentleman unloaded the provisions from the fiduciary.
The wife set an ambitious goal because he relaxed her.
The rich man died old because his son had problems with the law.
The woman set foot on the flame of the fire because the flames were extinguished.
The wife's car was in the store because his license was revoked.
I slept too much because i prepared breakfast.
The character exited the limousine because the cameras were pointing in his direction.
The woman was dragged into the water bath because the water bath became lukewarm.
The student wanted to meet other students on campus because he joined an association.
I got up to sit on the couch because i was looking for coins.
The wasp flew towards the boy because the boy ran away.
The wife was found guilty of a misdemeanor because he was sentenced to community service.
I stirred the sugar in the hot tea because the tea was steamed.
The veteran walked limp because he was called to war.
The criminal fled to the police because police handled the victim.
The computer did not want to turn on because i let it fall.
The woman no longer had a place in her wardrobe because she picked up plenty of clothes from her wardrobe.
He was heartbroken because his wife gave birth to a son.
He succeeded in graduating because he became qualified for the job he wanted.
The gentleman's voice sounded loud and clear in the audience because he welcomed the assembly.
I sent a coin to the water fountain because the coin flowed down to the bottom.
The player hit the bullet through the hole because the bullet entered the hole.
I breathed dust into the attic because i made a mistake.
The cashier called security because the customer used fake money.
I put the trash out because the garbage made the kitchen feel bad.
The family went to the zoo because the children loved the animals.
The man's breathing was loud because he had a kidney failure.
I had an extra ticket for the concert because i asked my friends for the local direction.
The air conditioner in the house was broken because i came out some wool.
The boy's back hurt because his backpack was open.
I bought my mother a present because i made it a cake.
Daffodils in the garden were destroyed because a drone stung the gardener.
I lit the match because the flame was extinguished.
The discussants managed to reach an agreement because they did not want to go to court.
The children were sent to an orphanage because her parents died.
A meteorite landed in the sea because a tsunami struck.
The traveler was met with a bad snake because they make you dehydrated.
The oven became hot because i lit the oven.
I squeezed the lemon because the lemon became moldy.
The country has discovered a new land because the country abandoned the land.
The glass had sort of fallen on the table because it was completely destroyed on the ground.
The table was chemistry because the floor was uneven.
The father found his son lying because his son confessed the truth.
The man's head ached with pain because he took syrup for it too.
The train went slower because he was approaching the station.
The gentleman underwent therapy because mental illness was in the family.
The woman held her throat because he swallowed his food.
The woman had a sore throat because his voice was shredded.
The dog looked at beautiful steak on the table because her mouth was watering.
The wife's business was successful because he fired his staff.
The students left the class because the bell rang.
The wife stated she saw a ghost because his accent was unbelievable.
He lost his sense of hearing because he was drowning in the sea.
The son loosened the balloon string because the balloon deflated.
The man lost his ability to speak because he made an embolism.
The woman tripped on the sidewalk because there was a crack in the cement.
The gentleman made a fantastic dive into the pool because the overseer dived after him.
I took antibiotics because my infection was healed.
The traffic light turned yellow because the driver put the brakes on.
The plastic container melted because i put the plastic container in a lukewarm water.
The car took a bump because the driver hit a telephone pole.
The boy studied all night because he skipped the exam.
The boy was kept by the pool because she was afraid to learn to swim.
I put my hand on my chest because i felt my heart beating.
They were building a building next to my office because my office was crowded.
The family wanted to meet new neighbors because the family invited the neighbors for dinner.
The water was gushing from the pool because the swimmer dived into the pool.
I bit into a piece of lemon because i swallowed a pill by accident.
The boy stumbled because his vest was not made.
The woman put a cap on his ear because he was distracted and noisy.
I filled my water bottle because i drank all the water.
The TV show was censored because he had rude language.
The ship broke down because the team drowned.
The boy felt confused with the account because he settled the account.
The phone rang because the gentleman dropped the phone.
The wife was watching me because i hooked it.
The group left the museum because photographs were taken of the exhibits.
The gentleman started an account with me because my friend introduced me to the gentleman.
My bike tire was flat because i put air in the rubber.
The woman looked pale because her father had read her a story.
The pen was empty because i used a pencil.
The man was denied the money because he was in debt.
The woman stayed home and did not go to school because he had chicken pox.
The trash bag is full because i carried it in the trash can.
I passed the vacuum cleaner on the carpet because my roommate poured the punch.
The gentleman lost his temper because he turned off his computer.
The woman threw a small branch into the campfire because the branch was burning.
The gentleman came out of the shower because the hot water is over.
Parents wanted their children to go to college because a private tutoring fund was set up.
The gentleman defeated the laces of his shoes because the shoes became looser.
He ate half of the entrance because he put the rest in the fridge.
My ankles were swollen because i put ice on it.
My office door opened because i talked to my colleague next to my office.
I had to wait in line because i sat down.
The gentleman beat a fly because the fly flew away.
The gentleman wrote a will because he was dying.
The runner felt competitors would win over him because he abandoned the race.
I thought about it because i asked for advice.
The passenger walked over the suspension bridge because he was terrified.
The gentleman knew the team would win because he met with his friends to watch the match.
The boy could not sleep because he put the alarm clock on.
