The item has been packed in bubble wrap because it is fragile.
I rummaged through my pocket because i take a ticket stub.
Termites are full of houses because termites disappear from home.
The tourists have reached the border because the patrol officers checked their passports.
The office is closed because on vacation.
The girl was out of energy because she plays checkers.
The woman lost her place in line because more people are in line.
The girl pinched her nose because the baby drooled on her bib.
The band played their hit song because the audience applauded to the music.
The girl wants to thank her math teacher because the girl was held back after school.
The young inmates felt scared because their camp counselor told them a ghost story.
The man pounded his head because he was lost in thought.
Check I write bounces because my bank account is empty.
His inbox is full of spam because he deleted spam.
The sailor has been quarantined because he was exposed to disease.
The girl memorized the code because she recited it herself.
I poured water into the glass because water quenches my thirst.
The man remained silent when his friend finished speaking because he wants to support his friend.
The accident was my fault because i feel guilty.
The chain was broken because the chain is wrapped around a tire.
The couple decided to compromise because they get tired of arguing.
The woman decided to run for public servant because she hired a campaign manager.
The man predicts cold weather during his trip because he folded the warm clothes into the suitcase.
Students know the answer to the question because he raised his hand.
The man teared up because dust flew into his eyes.
The player has won five consecutive games because her opponents accused her of cheating.
The teacher tore the student's test because he caught a student cheating.
I stopped talking because i lost my voice.
Thaw frozen foods because i put it in the microwave.
Staff fake sick because he has a stomachache.
The girl fell into the swimming pool because she ran on the pool floor.
Movie tickets are sold out because it was the opening day for the movie.
The man loses weight because everyone isolate him.
The girl's hand became blistering because she typed in a letter.
Circus performers juggle while riding a unicycle because the audience cheered in surprise.
I'm impatient because my friend makes me wait.
The warring countries want peace because they developed nuclear weapons.
The man takes sleeping pills because he became sleepy.
The woman bumped into the sofa because sofa legs loosened.
The boy squeezed balloons because the bubble burst.
Guests have checked in hotel because they took off the suitcase.
I bite into a peach because bruised peaches.
My hands become sticky because i ate a donut.
I pushed the door open because the door opened.
The activists boycott the products because the products have been checked to ensure quality.
I drilled a hole in the wall because a mouse crawls out of the hole.
The woman was jealous of her sister because her sister is happy.
I spilled alcohol on my shirt because i wear an apron.
The cashier opens the cash register because the guest looks in his wallet.
Street musicians attract a crowd because everyone gave him change.
The boy cried with the babysitter because he misses his parents.
The pilot's radar detected a storm because pilot navigates away from the storm.
Tree with falling leaves because the leaves change color.
The boy is in a mischievous mood because he decided to play a game of cards with his sister.
The child complained that he had to go to the toilet because his father gave him soda.
The child sprinkled fish food into the tank because the fish jumped out of the tank.
The woman's political opinion has changed because she switched her party link.
The bathroom sink is clogged because i turned on the tap.
The passengers got off the train because train to station.
The man pressed the moist side of the envelope because he stamped the envelope.
Friends lose contact because they love to be together.
Accounting company fund mismanagement because she was fired from her position.
I look at my watch because i hear a ticking sound.
My hand is cramped because i wrote the essay by hand.
The latch tightens because i change the latch.
The couple signed a contract to rent an apartment because the couple moved into the apartment.
Woman sitting on the porch because she wanted to watch the sunset.
The man is wearing a life jacket because he can't swim.
Woman making a typo in word processor because she deleted the document.
The girl brags to her friends because she got poor grades.
The muddy grass because it rained last night.
The woman overslept because she stayed the night in a hotel.
The man is wearing sunscreen because he sat in the shade.
Researchers have proven the theory because researchers withdraw the theory.
The fans booed because the match must go into stoppage time.
I enter a sequence of codes into the lock because i close the lock.
Crowds grow because the father gives his son some money.
Snow blocked the drive because i molded into a snowball.
Kayaks paddle their paddles because kayak to shore.
The girl lost control of her bike because she let go of the steering wheel.
I turned on the fan because water sprinkled on my skin.
The surfers return to the beach because they are drenched.
I unplug the tub because water drains out of the tub.
A husband feels guilty for cheating on his wife because he accused her of cheating.
Ink on the poster is smudged because i wait for the squid to dry.
The child woke up screaming because it had nightmares.
The boy put his feet up on the table because his father sat at the table.
My friend turned his head towards me because i shouted his name.
The government suppresses its citizens because the citizens held a revolt.
The boy was lost in the forest because he set up a tent.
Woman traveling abroad because she wants to learn to draw.
The man is jealous of his colleague because his colleague got a promotion.
The man sees the alien because he is hallucinating.
The man's hair turns blond because he put bleach in his hair.
New artists have created because she criticizes her previous work.
The son moved out of the house because he was discharged from the military.
Books fall out of bookcases because the bookshelves are covered with dust.
The electricity in my house is off because i turned on the light.
We ride roller coaster because it looks scary.
The popcorn bag began to swell because i pour butter into the bag.
A tree fell on the power line because the electricity in the neighborhood was off.
Speaker commented incorrectly because you bored the audience.
I inject myself with a needle because a drop of sweat dripped from my face.
The fish floats on the surface of the tank because it's hungry.
The man's voice was husky because he has a cold.
The elevator door opened because the elevator has reached the designated floor.
The boy sneaked out of the house because he lied to his parents.
The bathroom was flooded because overflow of toilet water.
The puppy is near its owner because the owner gives the puppy a collar.
The man caught his reflection because he stood under the sprawling tree.
I missed my girlfriend's call because i called her back.
Family search throughout the neighborhood because their dog left home.
I see my breath as I exhale because cold weather.
Employees form a union because they want better working conditions.
I bake an apple pie because a rotten smell filled the kitchen.
The woman was struggling to walk because she wears high heels.
Steam rises from the pot of water because hot water.
All my socks are in the washing machine because i wear sandals.
Politicians' arguments are considered absurd because he lost voter support.
Everyone does not support the engaged couple because the couple is pregnant.
The building honors the millionaire because the millionaire wants the building to be destroyed.
The salesman accused the girl of stealing because the clerk sees the girl put the goods in her purse.
The country declares war on neighboring territories because soldiers were sent to fight.
The court upheld the controversial ruling because a riot broke out in court.
The girl smelled something burning because she took the biscuits out of the jar.
Rain has poured down because the storm got worse.
The building has been evacuated because the elevator stopped working.
The father is upset that his son is addicted to alcohol because the father buys his son a beer.
The lawyer went upstairs to her office because secretary has gone home.
The man becomes annoyed with his friend because his friend interrupted him.
The girl gives the money to the cashier because the cashier gave her the change.
The woman was put in a wheelchair because she was paralyzed in an accident.
Residents fly the national flag outside their homes because the country is celebrating its independence.
The team lost the tournament because they disappoint the fans.
My friend pointed out that I have food stuck in my teeth because i feel ashamed.
The boy failed the history exam because he is very focused in class.
The central building collapsed because an earthquake hits the city.
His girlfriend broke up with him because he begged her to come back.
The two of them reached their hands together to get the ball because the ball rolled away.
The panda rummages through the trash because there is a carton in the trash.
The boy sharpened the pencil because it's cheap.
The cashier refused to reimburse the woman for the dress because she lost her receipt.
The scratch on my skin is deep because it heals quickly.
The man received a strange look from the passengers on the train because he was staring at the ground.
The child left crumbs on the floor because ants crawl to crumbs.
The woman gives the tissue to her sister because her sister crossed her arms.
The man suck on mint because his lips cracked.
The couple went to see the show early because they guessed traffic jams around the theater.
The woman at home because her boss praised her.
The man signed the activists' petition because he supports their cause.
The actor's heart pounded before the performance because he's scared of the stage.
I was lost because i count my cash.
The ripe fruit swayed in the sun because it was eaten.
The car is broken because i light up.
The man has back pain because he went to see a psychiatrist.
I started to light a fire in the fireplace because i have run out of firewood.
Woman stopped jogging because she has cramps in the side.
I knock on the neighbor's door because my neighbors invited me in.
The woman sighed in frustration because her husband misunderstood her concern.
The teacher commended the student because students answer the questions correctly.
The woman is out of eggs because she goes to the farm.
I met an old friend because i reveal a secret to him.
The woman avoids in the lake because she caught a fish.
Students come to the wet class because his umbrella is broken.
The cursor on the computer screen moves because user clicks.
The driver took a detour because an accident happened on the main road.
I hang the wet cloth on the outdoor drying line because dry cloth.
Woman wearing sunglasses because bright sunlight.
The man stared into the night sky because i wish it was summer.
I feel exhausted because i go to bed early.
The man goes to the barbershop because he is raising his hair.
The boy bully new friends because he welcomes his new friend.
I crave a glass of milk because i am eating a cookie.
It started to rain because the driver turned on his headlights.
The parking lot of the building is empty because i parked across the street.
The writer missed her deadline for the draft because she was dumbfounded.
The partner hung up because i asked to speak with the manager.
The wind blew through the window because the doorbell rang.
The electricity in my house is off because i unplug the light.
The weightlifter gritted his teeth because he flexed his muscles in the mirror.
Students tried to do mental math because he took out a computer.
The baby fell asleep because the father changed the baby's diaper.
The girl threw the water ball at the boy because the boy was concussed.
The photographer forgot to use the flash on the camera because the pictures turned out blurry.
I declined the invitation to the birthday party because i'm lonely.
I exercise because i feel energetic.
I squeeze the wet sponge because it absorbs water.
The vacationers took a ferry to the resort because the resort has been reserved.
The teenager has a tattoo because she is afraid of needles.
A strange car is parked outside my house because i became suspicious.
The criminal confessed because evidence related to him.
Heavy man decides to lose weight because he cuts down on sweets.
The girl stepped onto the ice because she slipped.
The woman has dark circles under the eyes because she stayed up all night.
Lava flows from volcanoes because volcanic eruptions.
The woman put on shoes because she knows everyone at the party.
I paid the toll collector because she let me go through the toll booth.
The CEO is bankrupt because he sold his company stock.
The man went to the doctor because the doctor is on leave.
I exit the bedroom through the window because the house is on fire.
The boy's fingers became pinch because he took a long bath.
I spit out the milk because milk has a sour taste.
I missed the bus because i went to work early.
Truck collided with car because the truck accelerates.
The group organized the contest in favor of them because they won.
The soda bottle hissed because i flip the bottle.
The boy was locked outside the house because he crawled in through the window.
The doorbell rang because the guest knocked on the door.
The man dyed his suit because he took it to dry clean.
The girl squeezed the toothpaste tube because toothpaste sprayed out of the tube.
Civil deaths from the war skyrocketed because the pacifists staged a protest.
The girl yanked the ribbon out of her hair because she tied the ribbon.
The man has plastic surgery because old man.
A chicken emerged from the egg because egg hatches.
The prisoner starved to death because he's dead.
The man lost his balance on the ladder because he climbed up the ladder.
The child burp because he took a sip of soda.
A cold breeze passed through the window because i relax.
Students receive scholarships to go to college because classmates respect her.
The girl poked the boy's country because she lives next to his house.
The hungry beggar stole food because he causes sympathy.
I call my friend to chat because i want privacy.
The man reached out his hand to me because i shook his hand.
I bent down because fireworks are launched into the air.
The girl bit her nails because she worries.
I turned the calendar page because i mark an appointment on the calendar.
The husband found out that his wife was having an affair because he fired his lawyer.
The girl dropped the rubber ball because ball bounce.
The girl made a mistake in her test because she guessed the answer.
The player attacks his opponent because his opponent caught the pass.
I picked tomatoes from their branches because they are ripe.
The man wants to act romantic because he met his ex-girlfriend to have lunch.
The mercury in the thermometer increases because i dropped the thermometer.
A tornado passed through town because the roof of the court was blown away.
Students are tutored because his scores improved.
I feel comfortable because i knelt on the ground.
I hit football because it becomes slippery.
I add sugar to the coffee because coffee has a strong smell.
The man shuffles through the papers because he cut the paper.
I hit the nail with a hammer because the nail sinks into the wood.
The fish bites because the fisherman pulled the fish in.
Shame teenager to go to school because she has pimples.
My face lit up because i got the good news.
I wipe my hands with a towel because wet towel.
The man lost his balance on the stool because the chair swayed beneath him.
Teammates blame each other because they lose.
I forgive because i regret my mistake.
The woman becomes bored with her appointment because he asked her questions about herself.
The girl smiled because her cheeks blushed.
The enemy ship exploded because it goes through a beak.
The man pierced his leg because he walked into a puddle.
Detectives dirty the crime scene to get fingerprints because they discovered the identity of the killer.
Traffic jam on the highway because i take a detour.
The nation's economy is in decline because many people get sick.
The guard whistled the children because they almost ran into the running lane.
I rolled my eyes at my friend because he told me the truth.
The car is out of gas because driver stuck on the road.
The woman gives birth because the baby is born.
The man's hat was blown away because he took off his hat.
Girl attending a classmate's birthday party because she received an invitation.
The boy's forehead is hot because his mother took him temperature.
The man sprayed the perfume because he wants to impress his date.
Electricity is off in the house because i look for a flashlight.
The family moved to a bigger house because the son graduated from high school.
Marathon runners keep a slow pace because she wants to save her energy.
The boy kicked the vending machine because the machine spits the change.
My friend's dog died because i rolled my eyes at him.
Entrepreneur's credit card declined because he wrote an iou.
The man swore because he cut his nails.
The man feels proud of his brother because his brother had an argument with his parents.
The girl wants to learn about the solar system because she goes to the library.
Posters are glued to the wall because i put the poster above the door.
The client has approved the architect's plan because architects building the building.
The man dropped the spoon because his hand was shaking.
The company's CEO has resigned because the board of directors has dissolved the company.
I am late to the lecture hall because i sit in the back seat.
The man was released from prison because his family pays the bail.
The whole family lost all their belongings because they sold the house.
I stepped on the aluminum can because the can is recycled.
The girl joined the debate group because she learned to use a computer.
My mood improves because i listen to music.
Charities have accomplished their goal of raising money because they feed the homeless.
The roller coaster rushes down the high slope because the passengers giggled.
I am angry because i check my mailbox as i leave home.
The man wants to watch the sunrise because you go north.
I folded the paper because i recycle paper.
The country has just suffered from a natural disaster because the leaders of other nations formed an alliance.
The boy's clothes were soaked because he climbed out of the pool.
Students rush to complete the book because coming soon to return to the library.
The criminal was executed because he was jailed.
The sun shines on the room because i open the curtains.
I pulled the impostor's hair because her wig was thrown out.
Editors rewrite a sentence from the manuscript because he found the manuscript fascinating.
The woman canceled her credit card account because she realized the card was lost.
The man and the woman fell in love because they go to college.
The music was too quiet to hear because i increase the volume.
The boy's hair stood up because the little girl patted the boy's head.
The bug was crushed because i spray myself with insect repellent.
I opened my eyes because i woke up.
My neighbor played loud music because i asked him to retort.
The man's family lives in poverty because he saves with his income.
College graduates because you look for a job.
The painter mixed yellow paint and blue paint because paint splashed everywhere.
I changed the subject of the conversation because i have nothing to say.
My brother was discharged from the hospital because i took him home.
The stage curtain was lifted because the opening scene of the play begins.
The hostages surrendered to the kidnapper's request because the kidnapper threatens to harm the hostages.
A noise filled the stage because musician knocked his feet.
Parents rushed to the child's bedroom because the child woke up screaming from a nightmare.
Woman communicating using sign language because she was born prematurely.
A drought hit the area because water becomes polluted.
The cat chases after the bird because the bird flew away.
Transfer girl because school is closed in the summer.
The factory owner refused to raise employees' salaries because the owner appoints a new manager.
The leader went against extremists in his country because extremists influenced him.
I walk barefoot on the beach because sand sticks to my feet.
I woke up in the middle of the night because I felt cold because i wear more tight pants.
The mother hugs her son because her son smirked.
A hole ripped through my jeans because i zipped my jeans.
The boy wears braces because you have a cavity.
I exercised at the gym yesterday because today i woke up with sore muscles.
The girls whispered back and forth at the lunch table because the other students sat down at the table for lunch.
The child landed on the trampoline because it bounced back into the air.
I mail in the mailbox because mail delivery post.
Gamblers are very confident because he staked all his money.
The wildfire spread because the winds became stronger.
The child had slipped knee skin because his mother chased him to his room.
The man survived a fatal disease because he signed the will.
I take a sip of hot coffee because i bite my tongue.
Editor fired writer because writers avoid having bias in her stories.
I feel exhausted because i slept all day.
The doctor diagnoses the patient because she identified the patient's symptoms.
I scratched my skin because it's sweaty.
The man had undergone emergency surgery because he lost his temper.
The man's arm muscles bulged because he crossed his arms.
The man raised an eyebrow because he was surprised.
I apologize for my colleague's absurdity because i believe he meant well.
The man quit smoking because he started exercising more.
The woman punched the attacker in the nose because the attacker's body became lifeless.
The dart missed the target because the man's line of sight was not correct.
The landlord asked a termite killer to come to his home because he discovered rats in the basement.
I suggest to guests to go out for dinner because i was too tired to prepare anything.
The girl caught her brother reading his diary because she began to hide the diary.
The woman lacks the rent because she works overtime.
The child's hand quickly retracted because it touched the hot stove.
The company wants to evaluate customer satisfaction because they offer discounts to new customers.
The wooden floor is scratched because the boy threw the mattress out of the couch.
I cover my face because the enemy taunted me.
The famous statue was burned down because it was struck by lightning.
I leave the fruit on the table because falling fruit.
Ballerina was torn ligaments because she on tiptoes.
The baby's shoelace is slipping because it learns to tie them up.
I was absorbed in the book because i return the book.
The boy has the same beliefs as his parents because his parents influence him.
The car gradually stopped because it's out of gas.
The man eats ice cream in the sun because the cream loses its taste.
I hang the artwork in the room because the carpet looks dirty.
I come home early because i have a headache.
The puppy stains the carpet because the owner scolded the dog.
I apologized to my friend because my friend forgave me.
The man stood out in the crowd because he carries a backpack.
The witness lied, despite the oath because he completed his testimony.
The woman dyed her hair because she wants a new look.
Immigrants have been caught illegally residing in the country because they found a job.
The speaker joked because the audience laughed.
I look at the sun because the sun blurred me.
I get bored because i snorted.
The steak is difficult to cut because the blunt knife.
The woman declared bankruptcy because she has received alimony.
The lights in my friend's apartment come on because i wonder if he went out.
I put the flower under my nose because the petals fell in flower.
The woman feels nostalgic for the past because she met a childhood friend.
Students hesitate not to write articles because he submitted his papers early.
My car is broken because i went to the mall.
I dropped the note because it's anonymous.
The bird flapped its wings because it lays eggs.
I parked the car in the aisle because the garage is open.
The criminal aimed a gun at his victim because the criminal put down the gun.
I look forward to the weekend because i plan to attend my uncle's funeral.
I forgot the whole time because i was dreaming.
The printed documents cannot be read because the printer is out of ink.
The stadium opened the national anthem because the fans saluted the flag.
Bland tasting dishes because i clean it up.
I put a tissue on the spill because paper towels absorb liquid.
The woman is disturbed while reading a book because she bookmarked her page.
The plane experienced some turbulence because the man wears a seat belt.
The boy frowned because she abandoned him.
Doctors have the patient install a false rib because they amputated her legs.
The boy pinched her elbow because she shrugged at him.
I asked my friend for advice because i value his opinion.
The boy stepped into the mud because mud stuck to his shoes.
Snow covered several inches thick in town because schools closed.
Staff shift has ended because he came home.
Plants spoil the house because trees fell to the roof.
The wood is split into two because i put wood in the fireplace.
Family congratulate the couple because the couple announced they were separated.
The little girl sends the boy a valentine letter because she likes you.
I nodded at my friend's statement because i was confused.
Your group toss a coin because they want to find compromise.
The kitchen timer rang because the man unloads groceries into the refrigerator.
The woman set ambitious goals because she is lazy.
The rich man died of old age because his son is in legal trouble.
The woman stepped on the fire because the fire is out.
The woman's car is already in the store because her driver's license was revoked.
I over slept because i make breakfast.
The celebrity stepped out of the limousine because the cameras flashed at him.
The woman linger in the bath because the bath water becomes less warm.
The student wants to meet other students in the school because he joined a brotherhood.
I flipped up the seat cushion because i am looking for change.
The bee flew towards the boy because the boy ran away.
The woman was found guilty of misdemeanor because she was sentenced to community service.
I stir sugar into hot tea because hot tea.
The veteran limped because he's about to enlist.
The criminal ran away from the police because police take care of the victim.
The laptop does not turn on because i dropped it.
The woman has no room in her wardrobe because she has many clothes.
The man is very heartbroken because his wife gave birth.
The man who completed the degree because he is qualified for the job he wants.
The man's voice echoed throughout the room because he greeted the audience.
I throw a coin in the tap because the coin sank to the bottom.
The player hits the ball towards the hole because the ball goes in the hole.
I breathe dust in the attic because i hiccup.
Cashier called security because customers have used counterfeit money.
I take out the garbage because kitchen rubbish stink unpleasant.
The family went to the zoo because the children admire the animals.
The man's breath is very loud because his kidneys are no longer working.
I have an extra ticket for the concert because i asked my friend for directions to the venue.
The indoor air conditioner is broken because i bring out the blanket.
The boy has back pain because his backpack opened.
I bought my mom a gift because i bake her a cake.
The daffodils in the garden were destroyed because a bee stings the gardener.
I lit a match because the flames died out.
The disputing parties have reached an agreement because they don't want to argue in court.
The children are sent to an orphanage because their parents are dead.
A meteor fell into the ocean because a tsunami has occurred.
The climber meets a poisonous snake because she became dehydrated.
The oven gets hot because i turned on the oven.
I squeezed a lemon because lemon is moldy.
This country discovered new lands because the country neglected the land.
The glass flipped off the table because it shattered all over the floor.
The table wobbled because the floor is not even.
The father makes his son lie because son confesses the truth.
The man's head ached because he drank cough syrup.
Train slowed down because it was approaching the station.
The man went through therapy because mental illness inherited in his family.
The woman clutched her throat because she swallowed the food.
The woman has a sore throat because her voice was husky.
The dog looked at the juicy steak on the table because it drooling.
The woman's business was successful because she fired her staff.
Students leave the classroom because ring.
The woman claims she saw a ghost because her acquaintances expressed skepticism.
The man has a hearing loss because he almost drowned.
The child let go of the balloon rope because air bubbles.
The man lost the ability to speak because he had a stroke.
The woman stumbles on the sidewalk because there is a crack in the cement.
The man jumps canon into the pool because the lifeguard jumped in behind him.
I took antibiotics because the infection goes away.
The traffic light turns yellow because the driver presses the brake.
Melt plastic container because i soak the carton in warm water.
The car is distorted because the driver crashed into the telephone pole.
The boy studied all night because you don't take the test.
The young boy clung to the edge of the pool because he is afraid to learn to swim.
I put my hand to my chest because i feel my heartbeat.
The building adjacent to my office is under construction because my office is very crowded.
Families want to get acquainted with their new neighbors because family invites neighbors over dinner.
Water splashed from the pool because the swimmer jumped into the pool.
I take a bite of the watermelon because i accidentally swallowed the seeds.
The boy stumbled because his jacket is unzipped.
The woman wearing earrings because she was distracted by the noise.
I filled the bottle with water because i drank all the water in it.
Censored TV show because it contains vulgar language.
Shipwreck because all the staff drowned.
The boy was confused by the puzzle because he solved the puzzle.
The phone rang because the man hung up the phone.
The woman is staring at me because i hugged her.
The group left the museum because they take pictures of exhibitions.
The man started an argument with me because my friend introduced me to the man.
My bicycle tire is flat because i pumped air into the tires.
The girl looks pale because her father read her a story.
Pen out of ink because i use a pencil.
The man was denied a loan because he is in debt.
Girl off school at home because she has chickenpox.
The garbage bag is full because i took it to the landfill.
I vacuum the carpet because my roommate spills the drink.
The man lost his temper because he turned off the computer.
The girl threw a tree branch into the campfire because branches burned.
The man comes out of the bathroom because hot water has run out.
Parents want their children to go to college because they set aside a savings fund for tuition.
The man takes off his shoes because the shoes loosen.
The man only eats half of the appetizer because you keep your leftovers refrigerated.
My ankles are swollen because i apply ice.
My office door is open because i talk to my colleagues at the table.
I had to wait in line because i sit down.
The man smashed the flies because the fly flies away.
The man wrote a will because he's dying.
The runner feels the opponent is following because he quit the race.
I have thought through this issue carefully because i ask for advice.
The traveler walks on a precarious suspension bridge because i feel scared.
The man predicted the team's victory because he meets friends to watch the match.
The boy could not sleep because he set the alarm clock.
