The item is packed in bubble wrap because stuff is fragile.
I empty my pockets because i took a ticket stub.
My house was invaded by termites because the termite is no longer in my house.
The tourists have reached the border because their passports are checked by a patrol agent.
The office is closed because it was a holiday at that time.
The girl was exhausted because he has played chess.
The woman lost her place in the line because many people followed the ranks.
The girl pinched her nose because the baby drooled on the lining.
The band plays their hit song because the audience applauds to the music.
The girl wanted to thank her math teacher because the girl was detained after school was over.
The young campers were afraid because the camp counselor tells a ghost story.
The man's head hit because he was deep in thought.
The check I wrote was rejected because my bank account ran out.
The man's email inbox is full of spam because he removes spam from his email.
The sailor is quarantined because he had a disease.
The girl memorized the code because he recited it to himself.
I poured water into the glass because the water quenched my thirst.
The man remained silent when his friend finished speaking because he wants to support his friend.
The accident was my fault because i feel guilty.
The chain fell off because the chain is caught in the tire.
The couple decided to compromise because they are tired of fighting all the time.
The woman decided to run for public office because he hired a campaign manager.
The man anticipates cold weather on his way because he packed warm clothes in his suitcase.
The student knows the answer to that question because he raised his hand.
The man's eyes filled with tears because dust got into his eyes.
The player won five matches in a row because his opponent accuses him of cheating.
The teacher shredded the student exam papers because he caught the student cheating.
I stopped talking because my voice is lost.
The frozen food is thawed because i thawed it in the microwave.
The employee pretended to be sick because she has stomach cramps.
The girl fell into the swimming pool because he ran on the pool deck.
Movie tickets were sold out because it happened during the opening day for the film.
The man lost weight because people isolated it.
The girl's hand was blistered because he typed a letter.
The circus performer juggled while riding a one-wheeled bicycle because the audience cheered in amazement.
I lost my temper because my friend made me wait for him.
Conflict countries want peace because they have developed nuclear weapons.
The man is taking sleeping pills because he is sleepy.
The woman hits the sofa because the sofa leg fell off.
The boy squeezed the balloon because the balloon popped.
The tourists check into their hotel room because they unpack their suitcases.
I bite the peach because the peach is bruised.
My hands became sticky because i ate a donut.
I pushed open the door because the door opened.
Activists boycotted the product because the product has been tested for quality.
I drilled a hole in the wall because a mouse came out of the hole.
The woman is jealous of her sister because his brother is happy.
I spilled weekly wine on my shirt because i wear an apron.
The cashier opened the cash register because the customer opens his wallet.
The street musician caught the attention of many people because people gave him small money.
The boy cried to his maid because he missed his parents.
The pilot's radar detected a storm because the pilot navigates to avoid the storm.
Leaves fall from the tree because the leaves change color.
The boy is in a bad mood because he decided to play cards with his sister.
The boy complained that he had to go to the bathroom because his father gave him a soda drink.
The boy sprinkles fish food into the fish tank because the fish jumped out of the tank.
The woman's political views changed because he's changing parties.
The bathroom sink was clogged because i turned on the tap.
The passengers get off the train because the train has arrived at the station.
The man pressed the envelope flap because he stamped the envelope.
The friends lost contact because they enjoy each other's company.
Accountants mismanaged company funds because he was fired from his position.
I looked at the clock because i heard the tick of the clock.
My hands are cramped because i write my essay on paper.
The bolt tightens because i replaced the bolt.
The couple signed a contract for an apartment because the couple moved into the apartment.
The woman sat on the lawn because he wanted to see the sun set.
The man is wearing a life jacket in the water because he can't swim.
The woman made a mistake while typing the document because he deleted the document.
The woman pretended to be in front of her friends because he got bad grades.
The yard was muddy because there was raining all night.
The woman overslept because he's staying at the hotel.
The man uses sunscreen lotion because yes, sitting in the shade.
The researchers proved the theory because researchers dispense with the theory.
The fans at the match booed because the game is waxy.
I entered the padlock code because i lock the padlock.
The audience was even more crowded because the father gave money to his son.
Snow blocked the driveway because i collect the snow into snowballs.
They were rowing on top it seemed because like that arrived at the beach.
The girl lost control of her bicycle because he took off his bicycle handlebar.
I turn on the fan because water splashed on my skin.
The surfers are back on the beach because they were soaking wet.
I pulled the drain plug in the bath because water flows out of the bath.
The husband feels guilty for having an affair because he accused his wife of cheating.
The ink on the poster ran because i waited for it to dry.
The boy woke up screaming because he's having a nightmare.
The boy put his feet on the table because his father sat at the table.
My friend turned to me because i shouted his name.
The government oppresses its citizens because the citizens rebelled.
The boy got lost in the forest because he set up a tent.
The woman is traveling abroad because he wants to learn how to draw.
The man was jealous of his coworkers because his co-workers got a promotion at the office.
The man saw an alien because he's hallucinating.
The man's hair turned blonde because he uses bleach on his hair.
The artist creates new works because he criticized his previous work.
The boy moved out of his house because he has been discharged from the military.
Books fall from bookshelves because the bookshelf is dusty.
The electricity in my house is down because i turned on the light.
We ride the roller coaster because the roller coaster looks scary.
The popcorn in the bag started to pop because i pour butter into the popcorn bag.
A tree fell off the power line because the electricity in the neighborhood went out.
The speaker made an unfavorable comment because he bore the audience.
I stabbed my hand with a pin because sweat dripped from my face.
The fish floats on the surface of the tank because the fish is hungry.
The man's voice was hoarse because he's sick.
The elevator doors opened because the elevator has reached the designated floor.
The teenager slipped out of the house because he lied to his parents.
The bathroom floor flooded because the toilet in the bathroom leaked.
The puppy lives near the owner because the owner of the dog put on a collar.
The man saw his own reflection because he was standing under a big tree.
I don't answer my girlfriend's phone calls because i called him back.
The family is looking for its neighbors because their dog ran away from the house.
I see my breath because the weather is cold.
The employees form a union because they want better working conditions.
I make an apple pie because there was a bad smell filling the kitchen.
The woman has a hard time walking because he is wearing shoes with high heels.
Smoke comes out of the hot water pan because the water was boiling.
All my socks are in the wash because i wear sandals.
The politician's argument was considered absurd because it lost a lot of support from voters.
Everyone disagreed with the couple's fiancé because the couple is pregnant.
The building is dedicated to a millionaire because he wanted the building destroyed.
The seller accused the girl of stealing because he saw the girl put merchandise in his wallet.
The country declared war on neighboring territories because soldiers were sent to fight.
The court continues to support the controversial ruling because riot broke out in front of the courthouse.
The girl smells something burning because he took the biscuits from a jug.
There is heavy rain because the storm got worse.
The building has been evacuated because the lift has stopped working.
The father hated his son's alcoholism because the father bought a bottle of beer for his son.
The lawyer went up the stairs to get to his office because his secretary has come home from work.
The man was annoyed with his friend because he was interrupted by his friend.
The girl gives money to cashier because the cashier gave her the money back.
The woman is in a wheelchair because he was paralyzed because of an accident.
Residents hang the national flag outside their homes because the country is celebrating its independence.
The team lost the tournament because they have disappointed their fans.
My friend told me that food was stuck in my teeth because i am embarassed.
The boy failed his history test because he always pays attention to his teacher in class.
The downtown buildings collapsed because there was an earthquake in the city.
The man got dumped by his girlfriend because he begged her to reconnect.
The two kids reached over to get the ball because the ball rolled away from them.
A raccoon rummaged through the trash because there is a cardboard box in the trash.
The boy sharpened his pencil because the pencils are cheap.
The cashier refused a refund request for the woman's dress because the woman has lost the reset.
The scratches on my skin are deep because the scratches heal quickly.
The man got a strange look from the passengers on the train because he was looking at the floor.
The boy left bread crumbs on the floor because ants come to the crumbs.
The woman gave tissue to her sister because the sister folded her arms.
The man eats a mint candy because his lips are dry.
The couple left early to get to the show because they anticipate traffic jams around the theater.
The woman skipped the office because his boss praised him.
The man signed the activists' petition because he supported their cause.
The actor's heart fluttered before his performance because he has stage fright.
I lost because i counted my money.
The ripe fruit is left in the sun because the fruit has been eaten.
The car broke down because i started the engine.
The boy's back was injured because he went to a psychiatrist.
I started the fire in the fireplace because i'm out of firewood.
The woman stopped running because he had a spasm in the side of his body.
I knocked on my neighbor's door because he invited me to his house.
The woman let out a frustrated sigh because her husband misunderstood her concern.
The teacher praised the student because the student answered the question correctly.
The woman is out of eggs because he went to the farm.
I met an old friend because i told him a secret.
The woman avoided going to the lake because he caught a fish.
Students arrive to class drenched because the umbrella's broken.
The cursor on the computer screen moved because the user clicks the mouse.
The driver took a detour because there was an accident on the main road.
I hung the wet cloth on the clothesline because the cloth was dry.
The woman is wearing black glasses because the sun is very bright.
The man looked up at the night sky because he wants summer.
I feel tired because i go to bed early.
The man goes to the barber because he let his hair grow long.
The boy is playing tricks on his new friend in class because the boy welcomed his new classmate in kind.
I want to drink a glass of milk because i'm eating biscuits.
It started to rain because the driver turns on the car lights.
The building's parking lot was empty because i parked across the street.
The writer submitted his draft submission late because he's on a writer's block.
The worker hung up on me because i asked to speak to the supervisor.
The wind came in through the open window because the doorbell rings.
My house has blackouts because i unplug the lamp.
The iron lifter snorted because he grew his muscles in front of the glass.
The student tried to do calculations in his head because he took out a calculator.
The baby is sleeping because his father changed his diaper.
The woman threw a water balloon at the boy because the boy had a concussion.
The photographer forgot to use flash when taking photos because the photo is blurry.
I declined the birthday party invitation because i am lonely.
I'm sports because i feel excited.
I squeeze a wet sponge because the sponge absorbs water.
Tourists take a ferry to a resort because the resort was fully booked.
The young man got a tattoo because he was afraid of needles.
A foreign car parked outside my house because i became suspicious.
The thug turned himself in because evidence involved him in the crime.
The burly man decided to lose weight because he stopped eating sweet foods.
The woman stepped on the ice because he is tucked away.
The woman has eye bags because he didn't sleep all night.
Lava flows from the volcano because the volcano erupted.
The woman is wearing her shoes because he knows everyone at the party.
I give payment to toll workers because he let me pass the toll.
The company executives went bankrupt because he sold his company stock.
The man went to his doctor because the doctor is on leave.
I went out through my bedroom window because my house is on fire.
The child's fingers turned pale because he took a long shower.
I melted the milk because the milk tastes sour.
I missed the bus because i came early to the office.
The car collided with a truck because the truck was going fast.
Teams cheat in a contest to win because they also won.
Soda bottle sizzling because i turned the bottle over.
The boy is locked outside his house because he entered through the open window.
The doorbell rings because the visitor knocked on the door.
The man stains his suit because the clothes were dry-cleaned.
The girl squeezed the toothpaste tube because toothpaste came out of the tube.
Civilian deaths from the war have risen because the pacifists protested.
The girl pulled the ribbon from her hair because he tied the ribbon.
The man underwent plastic surgery because he is aging.
A baby chicken comes out of the egg because the eggs hatch.
The prisoner was starving because he died.
The man loses his balance at the top of the stairs because he climbs the ladder.
The boy belched because he took a sip of soda.
A cold breeze came in through the window because i'm calm.
Students receive scholarships for tuition because his classmates respected him.
The girl makes fun of the boy because the girl is the neighbor.
The hungry tramp stole food because he incited pity.
I called my friend to chat because i want privacy.
The man held out his hand to me because i shake his hand.
I lowered my head because fireworks shot into the air.
The girl bit her nails because she is worried.
I turned the calendar page because i marked an appointment on the calendar.
The husband discovered that his wife was cheating on him because he fired his lawyer.
The girl drops a rubber ball because the ball bounced.
The girl made a mistake in her exam because he guessed the answer.
The player drops his opponent because his opponent caught a pass from his friend.
I pick tomatoes from the plant because they are ripe.
The man wants to act romantic because he had lunch with his ex-girlfriend.
The mercury in the thermometer goes up because i dropped the thermometer.
A tornado passes through the city because the courthouse roof was blown off.
The student receives tutoring because the numbers went up.
I feel comfortable because i knelt on the ground.
I polish the rock because the stone became smooth.
I add sugar to the coffee because the coffee has a strong aroma.
The man processed the papers because his hand was cut off by the papers.
I hit the nails with a hammer because the nail goes into the wood.
The fish nibbled on the fishing line because the fisherman pulled the fish back.
The teenager is too shy to go to school because he has acne.
My facial expression shines because i received good news.
I wipe my hands with a towel because the towel was wet.
The man loses his balance on the bench because the bench shook under him.
The teammates blamed each other because they lost their game.
I apologize because i regret my mistake.
The woman is bored with her date because he asked a lot about himself.
The girl smiled because her cheeks flushed.
The enemy ship exploded because the ship passed a mine.
The man's leg is pricked because he walked through a puddle.
The detectives look for fingerprints at the crime scene because they find out the identity of the killer.
There are a lot of traffic jams on the highway because i took the causeway.
The country's economy is in decline because many people are sick.
Traffic guard blows his whistle on kids because they were almost walking into busy traffic.
I rolled my eyes at my friend because he said the truth.
The car ran out of gas because the driver is stranded on the road.
The woman gave birth because the baby was born.
The man's hat was blown off because he took off his hat.
The girl attends a classmate's birthday party because he accepted the invitation.
The boy's forehead felt hot because her mother took her temperature.
The man sprayed himself with cologne because he wants to impress his date.
The electricity in the house is down because i'm looking for a flashlight.
The family moved to a bigger house because her son has graduated from high school.
The marathon runner is running slowly because he wanted to save his energy.
The boy kicks the vending machine because much change came out of the machine.
My friend's dog died because i rolled my eyes at him.
The businessman's credit card was rejected because he wrote a debt note.
The man said some harsh words because he cut his nails.
The man is proud of his brother because her brother got into a fight with their parents.
The girl wants to learn about the solar system because he went to the library.
The poster is stuck on the wall because i placed the poster above the door.
The client approves the architect's plans for the building because the architect built the building.
The man drops the spoon because her hands shook.
The CEO of the company has resigned because the board of directors dissolved the company.
I came late to college because i took a seat in the back row.
The man was released from prison because her family has already paid her bail.
The family lost all their belongings because they sold their house.
I stepped on the aluminum can because the can is recycled.
The woman is on the debate team because he learned how to use a computer.
My mood is improving because i listen to music.
The charity set up a target for their money-raising because they feed the homeless.
The roller coaster fell down a steep cliff because the passengers giggled.
I was very angry because i checked the mailbox before leaving the house.
The man wants to watch the sun rise because he traveled north.
I folded the paper because i recycle paper.
The nation experienced natural disasters because the leaders of other countries formed an alliance.
The boy's clothes were soaked because he climbs out of the pool.
The student hurried over to finish the book because the book must be returned to the library.
The criminal was executed because he was put in prison.
Sunlight entered the room because i opened the curtains.
I pulled the con artist's hair because the wig fell off.
The editor rewrites a sentence in the manuscript because he thought the script was interesting.
The woman canceled her credit card account because he realized that the card was missing.
The man and woman fell in love because they go to college.
The music is too dim to hear because i turned up the volume.
The boy's hair is sticking out because the girl messed it up.
The insect was squashed because i sprayed myself with insect repellent.
I opened my eyes because i'm awake.
Music from my neighbor's house was blaring because i asked him to turn down the music.
The man's family lives in poverty because he is very frugal with his income.
The student graduated from university because he's looking for a job.
The artist mixes yellow paint with blue paint because paint scattered everywhere.
I changed the subject because i ran out of topics to talk about.
My brother has been discharged from the hospital because i welcome him back home.
The curtains on the stage rose because the drama's opening scene begins.
The hostages surrendered to the mandate of their kidnappers because the kidnapper threatens to injure the hostage.
An explosion echoed across the stage because the musician tapped his leg.
The parents rushed to their child's room because the boy woke up screaming from a nightmare.
The woman communicates in sign language because he was born prematurely.
Drought occurred in the region because the water is contaminated.
The cat is chasing the bird because the bird flies.
The girl changed schools because school is off for the summer.
The factory owner refused to raise the wages of the employees because the factory owner appointed a new manager.
The leader outraged extremists in his country because extremists influenced him.
I walk on the beach barefoot because sand stuck to my feet.
I woke up in the middle of the night cold because i'm wearing warm pants.
The mother calms her son down because the son smiled.
There is a hole in my jeans because i unzipped my jeans.
The boy is wearing braces because there are holes in his teeth.
I worked out at the gym yesterday because my muscles hurt when i wake up today.
The girls whispered back and forth to each other at the lunch table because other students sit at their lunch table.
The kid lands on the trampoline because he was thrown back into the air.
I put the letter in the mailbox because the letter was sent by the post office.
The gambler is confident because he risked all the money.
The forest fires were spreading because the wind got stronger.
The boy scratched his knee because his mother asked him to go to his room.
The man survived the deadly disease because he signed the will.
I took a sip of the hot coffee because i bit my tongue.
The editor fired the writer because the writer avoids bias in his story.
I feel tired because i slept all day.
The doctor diagnoses a patient because he identifies the symptoms of his patient.
I scratched my skin because my skin is sweaty.
The man underwent emergency surgery because she lost her temper.
The man's arm muscles bulged because he tightened his arms.
The man raised his eyebrows because she is shocked.
I forgive my colleague's mistakes because i believe that he means well.
The man quit smoking because he started exercising more often.
The woman hit her attacker's nose because the attacker's body became lifeless.
The arrow did not hit its target because the man's aim was not quite right.
The owner of the house asked the exterminator to come to his house because he found a mouse in the basement of his house.
I suggested to the guests of my house to go out for dinner because i'm too tired to prepare anything.
The girl caught her brother reading her diary because she started hiding the diary.
The woman was short of money to pay her rent because he's working late.
The child's hand was quickly taken back because he touched the hot stove.
The company wants to measure customer satisfaction because they offer discounts to new customers.
The wooden floor was scratched because the boy throws the sofa cushions on the floor.
I protect my face because my enemies mock me.
The famous statue caught fire because the statue was struck by lightning.
I left the fruit on the table because the fruit sheds seeds.
The ballerina tore her ligament because he pointed to his toes.
The boy's shoelaces fell off because he learned how to tie it.
I was fascinated by this book because i returned the book.
The man has the same beliefs as his parents because his parents influenced him.
The car slowly slowed to a stop because the car ran out of gas.
The man eats ice cream in the sun because the ice cream lost its taste.
I hung a work of art in the room because the carpet looked dirty.
I left work early because i have a headache.
The puppies dirty the carpet because the owner scolded him.
I apologize to my friend because he forgives me.
The man stood out very well in the crowd because he's carrying a backpack.
The witness lied under oath because he completed his testimony.
The woman dyed her hair because he wanted a new look.
The immigrants were arrested for living with ilega in the country because they got a job.
The speaker made a joke because the audience laughed.
I looked at the sun because the sun blinded me.
I am bored because i snorted.
The steak was tough to cut because the knife i used was blunt.
The woman declared bankruptcy because he received support payments.
The lights in my friend's apartment were on because i wondered if he was outside the house.
I put the flower under my nose because the petals fell off the flower.
The woman felt nostalgic because he met a childhood friend.
The student procrastinated completing his assignment because he turned in his assignment early.
My car broke down because i went to the mall.
I threw away the note because the records are anonymous.
The bird flaps its wings because it lays eggs.
I parked in the driveway because the garage is open.
The criminal aimed the gun at the victim because the criminal put the gun on the ground.
I'm looking forward to the weekend because i plan to attend my uncle's funeral.
I lost track of time because i am daydreaming.
The printed document could not be read because printer ink is running low.
The national anthem is played inside the stadium because the fans turned to the flag.
The sauce tasted bland because i present it.
I put a paper towel over the spill because the paper towel soaks up the spilled liquid.
The woman was distracted in the middle of reading her book because he marked the page he was reading.
The plane was hit by turbulence because the man fastens his seat belt.
The boy gasped because the girl ignored him.
The doctors gave the patient an prosthetic leg because they have amputated his leg.
The boy pinched the girl's elbow because he shrugged his shoulders towards the boy.
I asked my friend for advice because i appreciate his opinion.
The boy stepped into the mud because mud stuck to his shoes.
Inches of snow fell on the city because all schools are closed.
The employee shift has ended because he came home from office.
The tree damaged the house because the tree fell onto the roof.
The wood was split in two because i stacked wood on the fireplace.
The family congratulates the couple because the couple announced that they were separating.
The girl sends valentine to the boy because she loves it.
I nodded my head at my friend's statement because i am confused.
The friends throw a coin because they want to find a compromise.
The timer in the kitchen went off because the man puts his groceries in the refrigerator.
The woman sets out to arrive at ambitious goals because he's lazy.
The rich man died of old age because his son forbade the law.
The woman stepped on the fire because the flame goes out.
The woman's car is in the shop because his driver's license was revoked.
I kept sleeping even though my alarm sounded because i made breakfast.
The public figure got out of the limousine because the camera raced toward him.
The woman lingered in the bath because shower water becomes less warm.
The student wants to meet other students on campus because he joined the brotherhood.
I lifted the sofa cushions because i'm looking for change.
The wasp flew towards the boy because the boy ran away.
The woman was found guilty of minor offenses because he was sentenced to perform community service.
I stir the sugar into the hot tea because the tea evaporated.
The veteran walked with a limp because he was recruited for war.
The thug runs away from the police because the police help the victims.
The laptop won't turn on because i dropped it.
The woman ran out of space in her closet because she gets a spacious wardrobe.
The man is heartbroken because his wife gave birth.
The man got the title because he qualifies for the job he wants.
The man's voice projected clearly throughout the auditorium because he greets the audience.
I threw a coin into the fountain because the coin sank down.
The player hits the ball towards the hole because the ball goes into the hole.
I inhaled dust in the attic because i hiccupped.
The store cashier called for security because the customer is using counterfeit money.
I took out the trash because that trash makes the kitchen smell.
The family went to the zoo because her children admire the animals.
The man's breath was hard because his kidneys failed.
I have extra tickets for the concert because i asked my friend for directions to the venue.
The air conditioner in the house is broken because i took out the blanket.
The boy's back hurts because the backpack is open.
I bought my mother a gift because i made him a cake.
The lilies in the garden were destroyed because a bee stung the gardener.
I light the match because the flame fades.
The disputing parties reached a settlement because they don't want to argue in court.
The children were sent to an orphanage because their parents died.
A meteorite landed in the ocean because a tsunami happened.
The passerby found a poisonous snake because he's dehydrated.
The oven is hot because i turned on the oven.
I squeeze a lemon wedge because the lemons became moldy.
The country found new land because the country left the land.
The glass rolled off the table because the glass is broken all over the floor.
The table shook because the floor is uneven.
The father caught his son lying because the son acknowledged the truth.
The man's head throbbed in pain because he drank cough syrup.
The train slowed down because the train is approaching the station.
The man is undergoing therapy because mental illness hit his family.
The woman gripped his throat because he swallowed the food.
The woman has a sore throat because his voice was hoarse.
The dog looked at the delicious steak that was on the table because he drooled.
The woman's business was successful because he fired his employees.
The students left the classroom because the bell has rung.
The woman admitted she had seen a ghost because his acquaintances suspected him.
The man lost his hearing because he almost drowned in the sea.
The kid releases the balloon rope because the balloon deflated.
The man lost his ability to speak because he had a stroke.
The woman was tugged on the sidewalk because there were cracks in the pavement floor.
The man was doing cannonball style as he jumped into the pool because the lifeguard jumped into the pool afterward.
I'm taking antibiotics because my infection was cured.
Traffic light turns yellow because the driver braked.
The plastic container melts because i soaked the container in warm water.
The car is dented because driver bumps him against telephone pole.
The boy studied all night because he didn't come to his test.
The boy is holding tight to the pool handle because he is afraid to learn to swim.
I put my hand on my chest because i felt my heart beat.
The building near my office is being repaired because my office is messed up.
The family wanted to get to know their new neighbor because the family invited the neighbors to dinner.
Water splashed from the pool because the swimmer plunged into the pool.
I took a bite of a watermelon because i accidentally swallowed the seeds.
The boy stumbled because the jacket zips open.
Women use earplugs because he was disturbed by the noise.
I refilled my water bottle because i drink all the water in it.
The television show was censored because the pickle contains vulgar language.
The ship sank because the crew drowned.
The boy felt confused by the riddle because he solved the riddle.
The phone rings because the man hangs up the phone.
The woman looked at me because i hugged him.
The group left the museum because they photograph the exhibition.
The man started an argument with me because my friend introduced me to him.
My bicycle tire is flat because i pumped air into the tire.
The girl looked pale because his father read a story to him.
The pen ran out of ink because i use a pencil.
The man is refused a loan because he has a debt.
The girl didn't go to school because she has chicken pox.
The trash bag is full because i took him to the trash.
I have vacuumed the carpet because my roommate has spilled a fruitful drink.
The man lost his temper because he has shut down his computer.
The girl has thrown a branch into the fire because the branch caught fire.
The man comes out of the bathroom because the hot water has run out.
The parents wanted their kids to go to college because they have set aside their savings for tuition fees.
The man has untied his shoelaces because his shoes loosened.
The man has eaten half of the main course because he has stored the leftovers in the refrigerator.
My ankle is swollen because i've put ice on it.
My office door was open because i have spoken with my colleague at my table.
I have to queue because i have taken my seat.
The man has swatted a fly because the fly has flown away.
The man has already written his will because he's dying.
The runner senses that his competitor is approaching him because he has dropped out of the race.
I have thought carefully about the matter because i have asked for advice.
The tourist walked on a wobbly suspension bridge because he felt scared.
The man had anticipated his team's victory because he met up with his friends to watch the match.
The boy can't sleep because he sets the alarm clock.
