The item was wrapped in stamped plastic because he was young.
I had emptied my pockets because i found a weapon.
Termites invaded the house because termites rose the wood of the house.
The travelers reached the border because the patrol officer accused them of smuggling.
The office was closed because it was summer.
The girl ran out of energy because he had jumped rope.
The woman had lost her place in line because she had left the line.
The girl had held her nose because the baby had soiled her diaper.
The group played their hit song because the audience listened politely in silence.
The girl wanted to thank the math teacher because the girl brought an apple to the teacher.
The young campers were scared because they toasted marshmallows on the bonfire.
The man banged his head because he suffered a concussion.
The check I had formed was uncovered because i had received a pay raise.
The man's inbox was full of spam because he sent a mass email.
The sailor was quarantined because he recovered from the disease.
The girl had memorized the code because she had forgotten to write it down.
I poured the water into the glass because the glass filled.
The man was silent when his friend finished speaking because he was thinking of his friend's words.
The accident was my fault because i filed a complaint.
The chain broke because there was a broken link in the chain.
The couple had decided to compromise because they avoided discussing the problem.
The woman decided to run for public office because he testified in court.
The man had expected low temperatures during his journey because he was traveling with a large suitcase.
The student knew the answer to the question because leisure.
The man's eyes filled with tears because he had been wearing goggles.
The player won five games in a row because her opponent felt sorry for her.
The teacher tore off the student's exam because the student's answers were wrong.
I paused to stop talking because i gasped.
Frozen food thawed because i covered it with cling film.
The clerk pretended to be unwell because he wanted a day off.
The girl landed in the pool because he jumped off the diving board.
Tickets for the film sold out because the film had received bad reviews.
The man had lost weight because people complimented him.
Blisters appeared on the girl's hands because she had climbed a rope.
The circus artist was juggling while riding a unicycle because the acrobat swung from a trapeze.
I lost my patience because my friend arrived on time.
Countries at war wanted peace because they negotiated a treaty.
The man took some sleeping pills because he got a fever.
The woman hit the sofa because he bruised his knee.
The boy squeezed the balloon because the balloon flew away.
The travelers checked into their hotel room because they went to the airport.
I had taken a bite of the peach because the juice splashed out.
My hands got sticky because i was greedy for sweets.
I pushed the door because the door closed.
Activists boycotted the products because the product was manufactured through child labor.
I had made a hole in the wall because dust rose from the hole.
The woman was envious of her sister because the sister had divorced.
I poured some wine on my shirt because i changed my shirt.
The cashier opened the cashier because the customer gave him his money.
The street musician drew a crowd because he sent the crowd away.
The little boy whimpered to the babysitter because it was snack time.
The pilot's radar detected a storm because the pilot flew through the storm.
The tree lost its leaves because the leaves piled up on the ground.
The boy was in the mood for spite because he decided to play a joke on his sister.
The child complained that he had to go to the bathroom because the father stopped at the gas station.
The child spread the fish food in the aquarium because the fish swam to the feed.
The woman's political views had changed because he participated in a protest.
The bathroom sink was clogged because i poured some muriatic acid into it.
The passenger got off the train because the train whistled.
The man pressed the damp flap of the wrapper because he sealed and closed the wrapper.
Friends lost contact because they moved to different cities.
The accountant had mismanaged the company's funds because she went to maternity leave.
I looked at the clock because i wanted to check the time.
I had a cramp in my hand because my wife and i held hands.
The bolt tightened because i had turned the wrench.
The couple signed the lease for an apartment because the city declared the apartment unusable.
The woman had sat on the porch because he thought he saw lightning.
The man wore a life jacket in the water because the water was shallow.
The woman made a typo in the program because he hit the backspace key.
The girl had bragged to her friends because he had won a race.
The lawn was muddy because it was full of weeds.
The woman had overslept because he had forgotten to set the alarm.
The man had put on sunscreen because he had gone to the beach.
Researchers proved the theory because people accepted the theory.
Fans whistled during the match because the referee made a wrong decision.
I had put the combination in the lock because the lock snapped open.
The crowd thickened because the father took his son by the hand.
Snow was blocking the driveway because i cleared the snow away.
The rowers paddled with their oars because the canoe hit a wave.
The girl lost control of the bicycle because he ran into a fence.
I turned on the fan because i felt cold air pass over me.
The surfers returned to the beach because they had seen a shark.
I pulled the cap off the tub because water splashed on the floor.
The husband felt guilty of having betrayed his wife because he confessed that he had been unfaithful to her.
The ink on the poster smeared because i had spilled some water on the poster.
The boy woke up screaming because he had wet the bed.
The boy put his feet on the table because the father scolded him.
My friend turned his head towards me because i had waved my arms.
The government had oppressed its citizens because citizens registered to vote.
A boy was lost in the woods because he yelled for help.
The woman had traveled abroad because he wanted to know other cultures.
The man was jealous of his colleagues because his colleagues worked late.
The man had witnessed the aliens because he was meditating.
The man's hair turned blond because he had put some shampoo in it.
The artist created a new work because he had had a rush of inspiration.
The son moved away from home because he was on his way to college.
Books fell from the bookcase because an earthquake shook the bookcase.
The electricity in the house went out because i reset the life saver.
We took a ride on the roller coaster because it sounded funny.
The bag of popcorn began to pop because i had heated it in the microwave.
A tree fell on the power line because the forecasts were for strong winds.
The speaker made some politically incorrect comments because he offended the public.
I stung myself with the brooch because a drop of blood has formed on my finger.
The fish floated on the surface of the tank because it was dead.
The man had a hoarse voice because he quit smoking.
The elevator doors opened because the elevator got stuck between two floors.
The little boy slipped out of the house because his parents put him in detention.
The bathroom got flooded because the water heater broke.
The puppy did not stray from its master because the owner kept the puppy on a leash.
The man caught his reflection because it stood near a calm lake.
I missed my girlfriend's phone call because i met her for dinner.
The family scoured the neighborhood because expensive jewelry had disappeared from their home.
When I exhaled I saw my breath because i had pain in my chest.
The employees formed a union because their employer raised their salary.
I made an apple tart because the kitchen had a welcoming smell.
The woman struggled to walk because she had taken off her shoes.
Steam has risen from the pot full of water because i covered the pot.
All my socks were in the laundry to wash because i wore boots.
The politician's argument was considered absurd because he was accused of corruption.
Everyone was against the couple's official engagement because the couple got married in secret.
The palace was dedicated to the millionaire because the millionaire contributed funds for its construction.
The sales assistant accused the girl of theft because the sales assistant helped the girl find the handbag she liked.
The nation has declared war on neighboring territory because the soldiers reunited with their families.
The court upheld the controversial ruling because a couple exchanged vows of marriage in front of the court of justice.
The girl could smell burning because he left the cookies in the oven.
It was raining heavily because i ran into the house.
The palace was evacuated because the fire alarm went off.
The father could not stand his son's alcoholism because the father threw the son out of the house.
The lawyer walked up the stairs to her office because the elevator was broken.
The man was annoyed by his friend because his friend offered him lunch.
The girl gave the money to the cashier because the cashier forgot to give the receipt to the girl.
The woman was placed in a wheelchair because she entered the hospital on a stretcher.
Citizens hung the national flag on the facade of their homes because the country was facing a severe economic situation.
The team lost the tournament because they inspired their fans.
My friend pointed out that I had food stuck between my teeth because i was proud of myself.
The boy didn't pass the history exam because he forgot to study.
The building in the city center collapsed because crime in the city has increased.
The man's girl left him because she introduced him to her parents.
The two children reached down simultaneously to take the balloon because they hit their heads against each other.
The raccoon went through the garbage can because the lid did not cover the garbage can.
The boy sharpened the pencil because it was not very pointed.
The cashier did not give the woman a refund for the dress because the dress did not fit her well.
The scratch on my skin was deep because he left a scar.
The passengers on the train looked at the man oddly because he was talking to himself.
The child left some crumbs on the floor because the child has put away the bread.
The woman gave her sister a handkerchief because the woman's sister began to cry.
The man took a mint because he was afraid he had bad breath.
The couple soon left for the show because they had gotten directions to the theater.
The woman had stayed home from work because her work colleague covered her up.
The man signed the activists' petition because he denounced them as crazy.
The man's heart was pounding before his performance because he had memorized his lines.
I was lost because i opened a map.
The ripe fruit remained exposed to the sun because it has withered.
The car broke down because the engine has overheated.
The man hurt his back because he stayed in bed for several days.
I made a fire in the fireplace because it was cold in the house.
The woman has stopped jogging because she recovered a little.
I knocked on my neighbor's door because my neighbor left her home.
The woman let out a sigh of frustration because her husband kissed her goodbye.
The teacher praised the student because the student hesitated to answer the question.
The woman had run out of eggs because she went to the supermarket.
I met an old friend because i hugged him.
The woman avoided entering the lake because it looked polluted.
The student arrived in the classroom completely soaked because his bike was stolen.
The cursor on the computer screen has moved because the user moved the mouse.
The driver made a detour because she followed the van in front of her.
I hung the wet laundry on the drying rack outside because the laundry got stained.
The woman wore sunglasses because he hailed a taxi.
The man admired the night sky because he thought it was gorgeous.
I felt exhausted because i stayed up all night.
The man went to the barber because her hair was getting long.
The little boy was playing tricks on his new classmate because the kid didn't like the new classmate.
I craved a glass of milk because i was baking some bread.
It started raining because the driver put the car in reverse.
The building's parking lot was empty because i parked near the entrance.
The writer missed the deadline to send the draft because he corrected the draft.
The clerk closed the phone in my face because i gave him my identification number.
The wind blew through the open window because the curtains swayed.
There was a power outage in my house because i have blown a fuse.
The cuturist groaned because he raised the bar over his head.
The student tried to do the math in his head because he got confused.
The child fell asleep because the father gently rocked the baby.
The girl threw the water balloon at the boy because the boy got soaked.
The photographer forgot to use the flash because all the people in the photo refused to smile.
I turned down the invitation to the birthday party because i was out of town.
I did gymnastics because i was scared.
I wrung out the damp sponge because water is pouring.
The vacationers reached the holiday village by ferry because the tourist village was located on an island.
The little girl got a tattoo because he wanted to rebel.
An unknown car parked outside my house because i called the police.
The criminal has constituted himself because there was no evidence against him.
A robust man has decided to lose weight because he avoided caffeine.
The girl stepped on ice because he shivered.
The woman had bags under her eyes because he put his son to sleep.
Lava leaked from the volcano because the volcano was dormant.
The woman put on her shoes because he wanted to leave the party.
I paid the toll attendant because he held me at the toll booth.
The executive went bankrupt because he squandered his fortunes.
The man went to the doctor because the man had fallen ill.
I left my bedroom through the window because the house was empty.
The child's fingers were shriveled because he doused his hands with soap.
I spat out the milk because my mouth was dry.
I missed the bus because i arrived late for work.
The truck collided with the car because the car broke up.
The team has rigged the contest in their favor because they withdrew.
The bottle of the drink fizzed because i unscrewed the cap.
The child was locked out of the house because he climbed onto the roof.
The doorbell rang because the woman peered out through the keyhole in the door.
The man stained his suit because he hung it in the closet.
The girl crushed the toothpaste tube because the girl spat out the toothpaste.
Civilian deaths from the war spiked because the pacifists held a parade.
The girl tore the bow off her hair because the bow made her look childish.
The man had plastic surgery because he looked younger.
A chick peeked out of the egg because i broke the egg.
The prisoner was undernourished because he ran away.
The man lost his balance on the ladder because he fell off the ladder.
The child burped because he opened a can of soda.
A cold draft entered the window because i shivered.
The student received a university scholarship because he had high marks.
The girl joked with the boy because she had a crush on him.
The hungry wanderer has stolen some food because he had no money.
I called my friend to chat because i felt alone.
The man held out his hand to me because i slapped him.
I dodged because the frisbee is gliding towards my head.
The girl bit her fingernails because she was surprised.
I turned the page on the calendar because it was the beginning of a new month.
The husband found out that his wife was cheating on him because he filed for divorce.
The girl dropped the rubber ball because the ball glowed.
The girl made a mistake in her assignment because he deleted the answer.
The player has tackled his opponent because his opponent fell to the ground.
I picked the vine tomatoes because i watered them.
The man wanted to be romantic because he bought his girlfriend some chocolates.
The mercury in the thermometer has risen because the climate has warmed.
A tornado has passed through the city because the highway was dangerously frozen.
The student went to repetitions because he copied on examination.
I felt comfortable because i wrapped myself in a blanket.
I polished the stone because she became lucid.
I added some sugar to the coffee because the coffee tasted sweet.
The man turned the pages because he destroyed the pages with the paper shredder.
I hit the nail with the hammer because the nail has rusted.
The fish bit the line because the fisherman threw the line again.
The little girl was embarrassed to go to school because she took off her braces.
My face lit up because i lost my patience.
I dried my hands with a towel because my hands were wet.
The man lost his balance on the stool because he spilled paint on the stool.
Teammates blamed each other because their coach canceled training.
I asked for forgiveness because i have achieved my goal.
The woman got bored with her boyfriend because he talked about himself incessantly.
The girl flashed a smile because the dimples emerged.
The enemy ship exploded because it is docked in the harbor.
The man punctured his foot because he stepped on broken glass.
Investigators checked the prints at the crime scene because they found the murder weapon at the crime scene.
There was a lot of traffic on the highway because i asked for a ride.
The national economy was in decline because many people have faced unemployment.
The traffic cop blew the whistle to the children because the policeman recognized them from his neighborhood.
I rolled my eyes with my friend because he made a sarcastic comment.
The car ran out of petrol because the driver took on a hitchhiker.
The woman went into labor because the woman was sick in the morning.
The man's hat flew off because it was blowing wind out.
The girl attended her classmate's birthday party because he bought a gift.
The boy's forehead was hot because his mother took him to the park.
The man sprayed the perfume because he has gelled his hair.
The electricity in the house has gone out because i picked up a shovel.
The family moved to a larger house because the mother gave birth to twins.
The marathoner kept a slow pace because he saw the finish line.
The boy kicked the vending machine because the packet of chips was stuck inside.
My friend's dog died because i hugged him.
The business owner's credit card was declined because he paid in cash.
The man cursed because he slammed his finger.
The man was proud of his brother because his brother has entered law.
The girl wanted to know more about the solar system because he looked at the stars.
The poster stuck to the wall because i put duct tape behind the poster.
The client approved the design of the building created by the architect because the architect arranged the project.
The man dropped his spoon because he licked the spoon.
The CEO of the company has resigned because the board of directors has found his replacement.
I arrived late for class because i approached the podium.
The man was released from prison because he attacked another prisoner.
The family has lost all their belongings because their house went up in flames.
I stepped on the can because the can was crushed.
The girl joined the debate group because he has learned communication skills.
My mood has improved because i have washed the dishes.
The charity has set itself the goal of raising funds because they held an auction.
The car plunged down the abrupt descent of the roller coaster because the passengers screamed.
I was furious because i slammed the door on my way out of the house.
The man wanted to see the sunrise because he got up early.
I folded the paper because the paper is wrinkled.
The nation suffered a natural disaster because the leaders of other nations have sent emergency relief efforts.
The boy's clothes got soaked because he fell into the pool.
The student finished the book quickly because he borrowed it from a friend.
The criminal was executed because he was charged with murder.
Sunlight had entered the room because i opened the door with the key.
I pulled the impostor's hair out because he became bald.
The editor reformulated a sentence from the manuscript because he found the sentence unclear.
The woman canceled her credit card account because she noticed that the card had expired.
The man and the woman fell in love because they married.
The music was too low to be heard because i composed my own song.
The boy's hair was matted because the girl pulled them.
The insect was squashed because i stepped on the insect.
I opened my eyes because i relaxed.
The neighbor's music was deafening because i asked him to lend me the cd.
The man's family lived in poverty because he earned less than the minimum wage.
The student graduated from the university because he found himself a pastime.
The artist mixed the yellow paint with the blue one because the gouache turned green.
I changed the subject of conversation because the conversation became tense.
My brother was released from the hospital because i treated him coldly.
The park tent rose because the actors of the show left the stage.
The hostage submitted to the kidnapper's orders because the kidnapper left the hostage alone.
A rumble reverberated across the stage because the musician pounded on the drum.
The parents rushed to their son's bedroom because the son was afraid to look under the bed.
The woman communicated through sign language because she was deaf from birth.
There was drought in the region because the crop was destroyed.
The cat chased the bird because the bird caught a worm.
The girl changed schools because she had moved to a new city.
The factory owner refused to raise his workers' wages because the workers went on strike.
The party leader antagonized extremists within his own country because the extremists murdered him.
I walked barefoot on the beach because the waves broke along the beach.
I woke up in the middle of the night from the cold because i drank a glass of water.
The mother silenced her son because his son was whimpering.
My jeans ripped apart because i stumbled on the sidewalk.
The boy wore the braces because his teeth straightened.
Yesterday I practiced in the gym because today i woke up with a sore throat.
The girls kept talking to each other at the table because the other students at the table felt excluded.
The girl landed on the trampoline because he decided to try a somersault.
I put a letter in the hole because the post office speeded up the letter.
The gambler was sure of himself because he returned home penniless.
The fire spread through the forest because the arsonists were arrested.
The child peeled his knee because the mother put a band-aid on the wound.
The man survived a fatal disease because he had received an organ transplant.
I took a sip of the hot coffee because i burned my tongue.
The publisher fired the writer because the writer had missed an important deadline.
I felt exhausted because i studied all day.
The doctor diagnosed the patient because he prescribed pills to the patient.
I scratched my skin because it itched.
The man underwent emergency surgery because he had had a heart attack.
The muscles on the man's arm jerked out because he massaged his arms.
The man raised his eyebrows because he felt discouraged.
I excused my colleague's gaffe because i thought it was more judicious.
The man stopped smoking because he started waking up earlier.
The woman punched the attacker's nose because the assailant began to bleed.
The dart missed the center of the target because the man was losing the game.
The owner requested that an exterminator come to his home because he kept an ant farm in his room.
I suggested to my host that they dine out because my host had extended his stay too long.
The girl caught her brother peeking at his diary because he bought a new diary.
The woman lacked the rent money because he quit his job.
The little boy's hand withdrew quickly because he stroked the puppy dog's head.
The company wanted to measure customer satisfaction because they handed out a questionnaire to customers.
The wooden floor was scratched because the boy had dragged a chair across the floor.
I shielded my face because my enemy had clenched his fist.
The famous statue was burned because people came to worship her.
I left the fruit out on the table because midges circled the fruit.
The dancer tore a ligament because she had twisted her ankle.
The boy had his shoes undone because he had run around the playground.
The book had captivated me because i lost track of time.
The man had beliefs similar to those of his parents because his parents had repudiated him.
The car gradually slowed to a stop because the driver had fallen asleep.
The man ate ice cream in the sun because ice cream dripped from the cone.
I hung a work of art in the room because the walls looked bare.
I left work early because my boss held a meeting.
The puppy soiled the carpet because the owner gave the puppy a reward.
I apologized to my friend because my friend was furious.
The man stood out from the crowd because he wore a reflective vest.
The witness lied under oath because he was accused of perjury.
The woman dyed her hair because he wanted to go unnoticed.
Immigrants were caught residing illegally in the country because they were deported.
The speaker made a joke because the audience rose.
I stared at the sun because the sun tanned my skin.
I felt bored because i yawned.
The steak was difficult to cut because the steak was raw.
The woman filed for bankruptcy because he had taken on a huge debt.
The lights in my friend's apartment were on because i decided to go and visit it.
I put the flower under my nose because i sensed the scent of the flower.
The woman felt nostalgic because he had scolded his children.
The student procrastinated the topic because he delivered an incomplete essay.
My car broke down because i called a mechanic.
I threw the note away because it was illegible.
The bird flapped its wings because he soared into heaven.
I parked in the driveway because the garage was full.
The criminal aimed the gun at the victim because the victim raised his hands.
I was looking forward to the weekend because i was planning to attend my friend's wedding.
Lost track of time because i was nauseated.
The printout of the document was illegible because the printer ran out of paper.
The stadium played the national anthem because fans rushed to the pitch.
The dressing was bland because i put some salt in it.
I put some paper towels on the spill because the spill left a sticky residue.
The woman was interrupted as she read her book because he read the book all over again.
The plane encountered some turbulence because the man looked out the window.
The boy jumped because the girl had teased him.
The doctors gave the patient an artificial limb because they had monitored his vital functions.
The boy pinched the girl's elbow because she jerked her arm away.
I asked my friend for advice because i knew i was right.
The boy walked in the mud because the mud hit him in the face.
Several centimeters of snow settled on the city because people hid underground.
The clerk's shift was over because he threatened to quit.
The tree damaged the house because the tree shaded the garden.
The wood split in half because i had dropped an ax blow on the wood.
The family congratulated the couple because the couple announced they were having a baby.
The girl had sent the boy a Valentine's Day because she had kissed him.
I nodded at my friend's statement because i agreed with him.
Friends tossed a coin because they wanted to make the right decision.
The timer had gone off in the kitchen because the man took the pizza out of the oven.
The woman set an ambitious goal because he worked hard.
The rich man died of old age because his son inherited his fortune.
The woman stepped on the flames because smoke rose from the flames.
The woman's car was at the mechanic because it had ended up in an accident.
I fell asleep again after waking up because i skipped breakfast.
The public figure stepped out of the limo because his family attended the press conference.
The woman lingered in the tub because the tub drained of the bath water.
The college student wanted to meet other students on campus because he graduated in engineering.
I lifted the sofa cushions because i was rearranging the living room.
The wasp flew towards the boy because the boy picked up a flower.
The woman was charged with a minor offense because she was put on death row.
I mixed some sugar into the hot tea because the sugar dissolved.
The veteran walked lame because he was injured in battle.
The criminal escaped the police because the police pursued the criminal.
The laptop did not turn on because i had loaded it.
The woman ran out of space in her closet because he had folded the laundry.
The man was heartbroken because his wife had left him.
The man got a diploma because his job offer was withdrawn.
The man's voice spread clearly throughout the entire audience because he spoke into the microphone.
I threw a coin into the water of the fountain because the coin broke in half.
The player hit the ball towards the hole because the ball folded back towards the player.
I inhaled the dust in the attic because i sneeze.
The store cashier called security because the customer had left the headlights on.
I took out the garbage because i accidentally threw my shopping list away.
The family went to the zoo because the children hunted the animals.
The man's breathing was heavy because he had pulmonary congestion.
I had an extra ticket for the concert because i asked my friend if he was interested in coming.
The air conditioner inside the house had broken because i opened the windows.
The boy's back ached because his backpack was heavy.
I bought my mother a gift because it was her birthday.
The daffodils in the garden had been destroyed because squirrels had unearthed the bulbs.
I struck the match because the match produced a flame.
The parties to the dispute reached an understanding because they wanted to heal their personal relationships.
The children were sent to an orphanage because their parents had spoiled them.
The meteorite landed in the ocean because it began to hail.
The hiker encountered a poisonous snake because he panicked.
The oven got hot because i had put the dish in the oven.
Squeeze the lemon wedge because the lemon splashed.
The nation discovered a new territory because the nation colonized the territory.
The glass fell off the table because he landed on a pile of rags.
The table swayed because the floor was slippery.
The father caught his son lying because the father trusted his son.
The man's head throbbed with pain because he took the aspirin.
The train slowed because he was late on schedule.
The man went through therapy because he had been diagnosed with depression.
The woman grabbed her throat because she had choked on food.
The woman had a sore throat because he spoke with a little accent.
The dog eyed the succulent steak on the table because he lay down.
The woman's business was successful because he became rich.
The students left the classroom because the teacher had given her homework.
The woman claimed to have seen a ghost because her acquaintances showed her empathy.
The man lost his hearing because he had nearly been killed by an explosion.
The child let go of the balloon thread because the balloon rose into the air.
The man lost the ability to speak because he took a deep breath.
The woman tripped on the sidewalk because he heard his name called.
The man took a bomb dip in the pool because the man drenched the lifeguard.
I took some antibiotics because my infection spread.
The traffic light turned yellow because the driver honked the horn.
The plastic container melted because i put the container on the hot stove.
The car was dented because the driver had passed in red.
The boy studied all night because he passed the exam.
The little boy clung to the poolside because the lifeguard was on duty.
I put my hand on my chest because heart rate quickened.
The building adjacent to my office was under construction because my office was noisy.
The family wanted to meet their new neighbors because the family greeted the neighbors from the garden.
Water splashed out of the pool because the swimmer floated in the pool.
I ate a slice of watermelon because i accidentally chipped my tooth.
The boy stumbled because her shoelaces were untied.
The woman put on the headphones because she had pierced her ears.
I filled my water bottle because i had kept it in the refrigerator.
The TV show was censored because it had a complicated plot.
The ship was wrecked because the crew encountered pirates.
The boy was perplexed about the riddle because he asked for a clue.
The phone rang because the man answered the phone.
The woman was staring at me because i felt uncomfortable.
The group left the museum because they had seen all the works.
The man started arguing with me because my friend defended me.
The tire of my bike was on the ground because i changed gear.
The girl looked pale because her father felt her forehead.
The pen was out of ink because i signed my name.
The man was refused a loan because he had started a business.
The girl stayed home from school because he enjoyed learning math.
The garbage can was full because i dumped it down the sink.
I vacuumed the carpet because my dog had lost some hair.
The man went into a rage because he threw a chair across the room.
The girl threw a twig into the bonfire because the fire went out.
The man got out of the shower because he couldn't find a towel.
Parents wanted their children to go to college because they encouraged their children to play outdoors.
The man untied his shoes because the shoes wore out.
The man ate half of the first because he memorized the recipe.
My ankle was swollen because i rubbed some lotion on it.
The door to my office was open because i overheard the conversation in the hall.
I had to wait in line because i leafed through a magazine.
The man swatted the fly because the fly remained motionless.
The man wrote a will because he was a widower.
The runner sensed that his rival was on his way because he accelerated the pace.
I thought about the problem carefully because i sensed a solution.
The traveler walked on the rickety suspension bridge because he felt ecstatic.
The man had predicted the team's victory because he made a bet with his friends.
The boy could not fall asleep because he counted the sheep.
