The object was wrapped in bubble wrap because it was small.
I emptied my pockets because i found a gun.
The termites broke into the house because the termites ate through the wood in the house.
The travelers reached the border because border control accused them of smuggling.
The office was closed because it was summer.
The girl ran out of energy because he jumped with a jump rope.
The woman lost her seat in the queue because he stepped out of line.
The girl held her nose because the baby filled his diaper.
The band played their hit story because the audience listened in silence.
The girl wanted to thank her math teacher because the girl brought an apple to the teacher.
Little hikers were scared because they grilled marshmallows on a campfire.
The man hit his head because he had a concussion.
The check I wrote didn't work because i got a pay rise.
The man's inbox was full of spam because he scattered a mass email.
The sailor was quarantined because he recovered from the disease.
The girl remembered the code because he forgot to write it down.
I poured a glass of water because the glass was full.
The man was silent when his friend stopped talking because he thought of his friend's words.
The accident was my fault because i filed a lawsuit.
The chain broke into pieces because there was a broken link in the chain.
The couple decided to compromise because they avoided discussing the issue.
The woman decided to run for public office because he testified in court.
The man foresaw that cold weather would come during his trip because he traveled in a large suitcase.
The student knew the answer to the question because he filed.
The man's eyes ran out of water because he put goggles on his eyes.
The player won five games in a row because otherwise, he was sorry.
The teacher tore the student in half because the student's answers were incorrect.
I paused to stop talking because i ran out of air.
The frozen food thawed because i tried it with plastic wrap.
The worker pretended to be ill because he wanted a day off.
The girl landed in the pool because he jumped off the springboard.
Movie tickets sold out because the film received poor reviews.
The man lost weight because people complimented him.
The girl's hands went blistered because he climbed up the rope.
A circus artist juggling a unicycle because the acrobat swung on the trapezoid.
My patience stopped because my friend arrived on time.
The warring nations wanted peace because they negotiated the agreement.
The man took sleeping pills because he had a fever.
She walked to the couch because he got a bruise on his knee.
The boy squeezed the balloon because the balloon flew away.
Passengers checked into their hotel room because they went to the airport.
I took a peach shot because the juice erupted.
My hands started to stick because i was a sweet tooth.
I pushed the door because the door was locked.
Activists boycotted the product because the products were made using child labor.
I drilled a hole in the wall because dust flew out of august.
The woman envied her sister because her sister divorced.
I put the wine on my shirt because i changed shirts.
The cashier opened the cash register because the buyer handed him the money.
The street musician excited the people because he dispersed the people.
The little boy cried to his babysitter because it was snack time.
The pilot's radar detected a storm because the pilot drove through the storm.
The tree threw its leaves because the leaves gathered.
The boy was in a mischievous mood because he decided to play prank on his sister.
The child complained that he had to go to the toilet because his father stopped the car at the gas station.
The child sprinkled fish food into the aquarium because the fish swam towards the food.
The woman's political views changed because he took part in the protest.
The bathroom sink was about because i poured the drain cleaner in there.
The passenger got off the train because the train whistled.
The man pressed against the damp tape on the envelope because he sealed the envelope.
Friends lost contact because they moved to different cities.
The accountant mismanaged the company's funds because she went on maternity leave.
I looked at my watch because i wanted to check the time.
I had a cramp in my hand because my wife and i held hands.
Bolt tightening because i turned the wrench.
The couple signed an apartment lease because the city declared the apartment unfit.
The woman was sitting outside on the porch because he thought he saw thunder.
The man wore a life jacket in the water because the water was shallow.
The woman made a typographical error in the word processor because he pressed the backspace key.
The girl boasted to her friend because he won the race.
The grass was muddy because it was full of weeds.
The woman slept in because he forgot to set the alarm.
The man put on sunscreen because he went to the beach.
Scientists proved the theory because individuals accepted the theory.
The fans of the game shouted contemptuously because the judge made a bad decision.
I entered my lock combination because the lock opened.
The people intensified because the father grabbed his son.
Snow blocked the driveway because i shoveled the snow off the road.
Kayakers paddled with their oars because the kayak rode hit the wave.
The girl lost control of her wheel because he drove into the garden.
I set the blower on because i felt the cold air pass over me.
The surfers returned to the beach because they saw sharks.
I pulled the bath drain plug because water sprayed on the floor.
The man felt guilty about cheating on his wife because he confessed his infidelity to him.
The ink on the poster was smeared because i put water on the poster.
The child woke up screaming because he made the bed wet.
The boy put his feet on the table because his father gave a lecture to him.
My friend turned his head to me because i waved my hand.
The government suppressed its citizens because citizens registered to vote.
The boy was lost in the woods because he called for help.
The woman traveled abroad because he wanted to learn about other cultures.
The man was jealous of his co-worker because his co-worker worked late.
The man saw the aliens because he meditated.
The man's hair turned blonde because he put shampoo in them.
The artist created a new work because he felt inspired.
The son moved away from home because he went to college.
Books fell out of the bookshelf because the earthquake shook the bookshelves.
The electricity went out in my home because i reset the automatic stopper.
We drove in the mountains of America because it seemed fun.
A bag of popcorn began to work because i heated it in the microwave.
The tree fell on the power line because the weather forecast predicted strong winds.
The speaker made politically incorrect comments because he insulted the audience.
I stabbed myself with a spike because a drop of blood formed on my finger.
The fish floated on the surface of the aquarium because he was dead.
The man's voice sounded hoarse because he quit smoking.
The elevator doors opened because the elevator got stuck between the floors.
The teenager sneaked out of the house because his parents put him under house arrest.
The bathroom flooded because the boiler broke.
The puppy remained close to the owner because the owner kept the puppy on a leash.
The man saw his reflection because he stood by a calm lake.
I fell asleep on my girlfriend's phone call because i met him for dinner.
The family searched the neighborhood because expensive jewelry had disappeared from their home.
I saw my breath as I evaluated because i had a narrow chest.
The employees formed an association because their employer increased their wages.
I baked an apple pie because the warm aroma filled the kitchen.
The woman had a hard time walking because he took off his shoes.
Steam rose from the water pot because i looked at the pot.
All my socks were in the laundry because i wore boots.
The politician's argument was considered absurd because he was accused of corruption.
Everyone resented the couple's engagement because the couple escaped.
The building was dedicated to a millionaire because the millionaire contributed to its construction.
The seller accused the girl of stealing because the salesman helped the girl find a handbag she liked.
The country declared war on the neighboring territory because the soldiers reunited with their families.
The court upheld the controversial ruling because the couple swore oaths in front of the courthouse.
The girl smelled something on fire because he left the cookies in the oven.
It rained down because i rushed to get in.
The building was evacuated because the fire alarm went off.
The father resented the son's alcoholism because the father threw his son out of the house.
The judge went up the stairs to his office because the elevator was broken.
The man got angry with his friend because his friend bought him lunch.
The girl gave her money to the cashier because the cashier forgot to give the girl a check.
The woman was put in a wheelchair because he entered the hospital on a stretcher.
Citizens hoisted a national flag in their homes because the country was facing economic difficulties.
The team lost the tournament because they inspired their fans.
My friend pointed out that I had food between my teeth because i was proud.
The boy failed his history exam because he forgot to study.
The downtown building collapsed because crime in the city increased.
The man's girlfriend left him because he introduced him to his parents.
The two children bowed simultaneously to take the ball off the ground because they shook their heads.
The raccoon slipped through the trash because the lid of the trash was off.
The boy sharpened his pencil because it was blunt.
The cashier refused to reimburse the woman for the dress because the dress did not sit on her.
The scratch on my skin was deep because it left a scar.
The man received strange glances from the passengers on the train because he talked to himself.
The child left the debris on the floor because the child laid the bread.
The woman handed her sister a napkin because the woman's sister began to cry.
The man took the coin because he worried about bad breath.
The couple left early for the show because they were instructed to go to the theater.
The woman stayed home from work because his co-worker took over his shift.
The man signed the activist's petition because he stamped them crazy.
The actor's heart beat before the show because he remembered his lines.
I was wrong because i unfolded the card.
Ripe fruit hung in the sun because it cramped.
The car broke down because the engine overheated.
The man hurt his back because he stayed in bed for a few days.
I made a fire in the fireplace because it was cold in the house.
The woman stopped jogging because he received another outbreak of power.
I knocked on my neighbor's door because my neighbor left home.
She sighed in frustration because his wife kissed him goodbye.
The teacher praised the student because the student doubted whether to answer the question.
The woman ran out of eggs because he went to the supermarket.
I met an old friend because i made him dear.
The woman avoided going to the lake because it looked contaminated.
The student appeared soaking the class because his bike was stolen.
The cursor moved on the computer screen because the user moved the mouse.
The driver made a detour because he followed the truck in front of him.
I hung wet sheets on the outdoor clothesline because the sheets got dirty.
The woman put on sunglasses because he tried a taxi.
The man stared at the night sky because she thought it was beautiful.
I felt tired because i was up all night.
The man went to the hairdresser because his hair had grown long.
The boy made evil tempers to his new classmate because the boy did not like his new classmate.
I craved a glass of milk because i baked bread.
The port started because the driver shifted into reverse.
The parking lot of the building was empty because i parked the entrance to the jews.
The writer did not meet the deadline for submitting a draft because he edited the draft.
My partner dropped my call because i gave you my distinguishing number.
The wind blew in from an open window because the curtains moved.
Electricity went out in my house because i burned out the fuse.
The lifter growled because he lifted the lever above his head.
The student tried to calculate by heart because he was confused.
Tita fell asleep because dad sighed gently.
The girl threw the boy a water bomb because the boy got wet.
The photographer forgot to use the camera flash because everyone refused to smile in the picture.
I canceled the birthday invitation because i was out of town.
I did a workout because i was scared.
I squeezed the damp sponge because water seeped out of it.
The holidaymakers took a ferry to the resort because the resort was on the island.
The teenager got a tattoo because he wanted to rebel.
A stranger's car parked in front of my house because i called the police.
The criminal surrendered because there was no evidence against him.
The chubby man decided to lose weight because he avoided caffeine.
The girl stepped on the ice because he trembled.
The woman had rings under her eyes because he put his son to sleep.
Lava flowed from the volcano because the volcano was dormant.
The woman put on her shoes because he wanted to leave the party.
I paid the customs booth to the attendant because he held me in a customs booth.
The president went bankrupt because he wasted his fortune.
The man went to the doctor because the man felt sick.
I left my bedroom through the window because the house was empty.
The boy's fingers creased because he smeared his hands with soap.
I spat out the milk because my mouth was dry.
I missed the bus because i was late for work.
The truck collided with the car because the car broke down.
The team hesitated to do better in this competition because they fell out.
Soda bottle inside because i screwed the cap off.
The boy was locked out of his house because he climbed to the roof.
The doorbell rang because the woman peered through the keyhole in the door.
The man stained his suit because he hung it in his closet.
The girl squeezed a toothpaste tube because the girl spat out the toothpaste.
The deaths of individuals in the war soared because the pacifists held a parade.
The girl suddenly pulled the ribbon from her head because the ribbon looked childish.
The man underwent cosmetic surgery because he looked younger.
It came out of the egg as a baby because i broke the egg.
The prisoner was starving because he escaped.
The man lost his balance on the ladder because he fell down the ladder.
The child was crooked because he opened the soda can.
A cold draft came in from the window because i was shaking.
The student received a scholarship to go to college because he got good grades.
The girl made fun of the boy because he was in love with him.
A hungry wanderer stole food because he had no money.
I called my friend to chat because i felt lonely.
The man reached out to me because i gave him an ear wedge.
I bowed because a flying saucer flew towards my head.
The girl chewed her nails because he was surprised.
I turned the page on the calendar because it was the beginning of a new month.
The man discovered that his wife was having an affair because he filed for divorce.
The girl threw the rubber ball because the ball glowed.
The girl made a mistake in her exam because he deleted his answer.
The player nodded his opponent because his opponent fell.
I picked tomatoes from the plant because i watered them.
The man wanted to behave romantically because he bought chocolate candy for his girl.
Mercury in the thermometer rose because the weather got warmer.
Nornado moved through the city because the road became dangerously icy.
The student received lessons from a home teacher because he spoke in the exam.
I felt comfortable because i screwed myself into the deck.
I polished the stone because it became bright.
I added sugar to the coffee because the coffee tasted sweet.
The man relocated the papers because he tore the papers into strips.
I hit the pound with a hammer because the pound went rusty.
The fish barked because the fisherman threw the rod into the water again.
The teenager was embarrassed to go to school because he had his braces removed.
My face shone because i lost my patience.
I wiped my hands with a towel because my hands were wet.
The man lost his balance on the stool because he dropped the paint on the stool.
The team members blamed each other because their coach stopped training.
I asked for an apology because i achieved my goal.
The woman began to get bored with her dating partner because he talked incessantly about himself.
The girl smiled and blinked because his laughter appeared.
The enemy ship flew into the air because it sailed to the port.
The man stabbed his leg because he stepped on the shards of glass.
Detectives searched the crime scene for fingerprints because they found a weapon at the crime scene.
There was heavy traffic on the road because i asked to be thrown away.
The country's economy declined because many people faced unemployment.
The pedestrian guard blew the children because he recognized them from his neighborhood.
I rolled my friend's eyes because he made a sarcastic remark.
The car ran out of gas because the leader picked up the voter.
The woman began to give birth because the woman had morning sickness.
The man's hat was blown off because it was windy outside.
The girl went to a classmate's birthday party because he bought a gift.
The boy's forehead was hot because his mother took him to the park.
The man sprayed himself with a cologne because he put a gel in his hair.
The electricity went out in the house because i took the shovel.
The family moved to a larger house because the mother gave birth to twins.
The marathon runner kept a calm pace because he saw the finish line.
The boy set foot on the vending machine because the click bag was closed.
My friend's dog died because i made him dear.
The business credit card was declined because he paid in cash.
The man swore because he slapped his toe.
The man was proud of his Russian because his brother joined the faculty of law.
The girl wanted to learn about the solar system because he looked at the stars.
The poster stuck to the wall because i put adhesive tape on the back of the poster.
The client approved the architect's building plans because the architect adjusted the plans.
The man dropped his spoon because he licked his spoon.
The CEO of the company resigned because the board found him a replacement.
I was late for the lecture because i approached the podium.
The man was released from prison because he attacked a fellow prisoner.
The family lost all their belongings because the house caught fire.
I was trampling on an aluminum jar because the jar was slid wide.
The girl joined the discussion team because he learned communication skills.
My mood improved because i washed the dishes.
The charity set a goal to raise money because they held an auction.
The American mountain train rushed down a sharp drop because the passengers shouted.
I was furious because when i left the house, i slammed the door shut.
The man wanted to watch the sunrise because he got up early.
I was on paper because paper wrinkled.
The country survived a natural disaster because leaders of other countries sent emergency aid.
The boy's clothes were wet because he fell into the pool.
The student hurried to finish the book because he borrowed it from a friend.
The criminal was executed because he committed murder.
Sunlight transmitted to the room because i unlocked the door.
I twisted the cheater's hair because he was bald.
The editor changed the wording of the sentence in the manuscript because he found the sentence unclear.
The woman closed her credit card account because he discovered that his card had expired.
The man and the woman fell in love because they got married.
The music was too vague to hear because i composed my own song.
The boy's hair held up because the girl pulled them.
The insect was crushed because i stepped on the insect.
I opened my eyes because i relaxed.
My neighbor's music was deafening because i asked him for a cd to borrow.
The man's family lived in poverty because he earned below the minimum wage.
The student graduated from university because he started with a hobby.
The artist mixed yellow and blue because the color turned green.
I changed the conversation because the conversation became tense.
My brother got out of the hospital because i treated him coldly.
The curtain rose because the actors of the play left the stage.
The hostage surrendered to the orders of the kidnapper because the kidnapper took him hostage.
I echoed across the stage because the musician beat the drum in the back.
The parents hurried to their child's bedroom because the child was afraid to look down on his bed.
The woman communicated in sign language because he was born deaf.
Drought occurred in the area because the catch was destroyed.
The cat was hunting birds because the bird caught the worm.
The girl changed schools because he moved to a new city.
The owner of the factory refused to increase the salaries of the employees because workers strike.
The leader resisted extremists in his country because he was murdered by extremists.
I walked barefoot on the beach because the waves pounded along the shore.
I woke up in the middle of the night after a cold hour because i drank a glass of water.
The mother silenced her son because his son whimpered.
There was a hole in my pants because i fell down on the asphalt.
The boy wore braces because his teeth became straight.
I worked out in the gym yesterday because i woke up today with a sore throat.
The girls whispered back and forth at lunch because the other students at the lunch table felt left out.
The child landed on a trampoline because he decided to try saltines.
I put the book in a mailbox because the post office quickly reviewed the letter.
The gambler was confident because he went home bankrupt.
The forest fire spread because lighters were caught.
The child's skin fell off his knee because his mother put a bandage on his wound.
The man survived a deadly disease because he was transplanted with an organ.
I took a sip of scorching coffee because i burned my tongue.
The editor released the writer because the writer did not meet the important deadline.
I felt tired because i studied all day.
The doctor diagnosed the patient because he prescribed the tablets to the patient.
I scratched my skin because it itched.
The man underwent emergency surgery because he had a heart attack.
The man's arm muscles were swollen because he rubbed his hand.
The man raised an eyebrow because he felt discouraged.
I forgave my colleague for his mistake because i believed he made a difference between good and bad.
The man quit smoking because he started waking up earlier.
The woman hit her attacker's nose because the attacker began to bleed.
The arrow did not hit the center of the target because the man lost the game.
The owner of the house asked that the parasite repellent come to his house because he kept an ant farm in his room.
I suggested to my guest that we go out to dinner because my guest stayed with me longer.
The girl got caught while her brother read her diaries because he bought himself a new diary.
The woman was short of rent because he left work.
The child withdrew his hand quickly because he patted the puppy's head.
The company wanted to measure customer satisfaction because they distributed a questionnaire to customers.
Scratches came on the wooden floor because the boy pulled the chair across the floor.
I hid my face because my enemy raised his fist.
The famous statue burned down because people came to respect it.
I left the fruit on the table because flies flutter around the fruit.
The ballerina pulled the bandage off because he twisted his ankle.
The child's shoelaces came loose because he ran around the playing field.
The book fascinated me because i lost track of time.
The man believed in similar things to his parents because his parents pushed him away.
The car slowly slowed to a stop because the driver fell asleep.
The man ate ice cream in the sun because ice cream dripped from the tip of the cone.
I hung art in the room because the walls looked bare.
I left work early because my boss arranged a meeting.
The puppy filled the carpet because the owner gave the puppy a treat.
I apologized to my friend because my friend got mad.
The man stood out from the crowd because he was wearing a neon vest.
The witness lied under oath because he was accused of giving false testimony.
The woman dyed her hair because he wanted to blend in.
Immigrants were caught illegally residing in the country because they were deported.
The public speaker joked because the audience stood up.
I looked at the sun because the sun tanned my skin.
I was bored because i yawned.
The steak was hard to cut because steil was raw.
The woman declared bankruptcy because he was in huge debt.
Lights were on in my friend's apartment because i decided to visit him.
I put a flower under my nose because i could smell flowers.
The woman felt nostalgic because he shouted at his children.
The student postponed the writing because he submitted a work in progress.
My car broke down because i called the mechanic.
I dismissed the remark because it was illegal.
The bird slapped its wings because he got up.
I parked on the driveway because the garage was full.
The criminal pointed his weapon at the victim because the victim raised his hands.
I was looking forward to the weekend because i was planning to go to my friend's wedding.
I lost track of time because i was nauseous.
The document printed illegally because the printer was out of paper.
The stadium played the national anthem because the fans rushed to the square.
Dipp tasted sweet because i added salt.
I put a paper towel on the spilled liquid because the spilled liquid left a sticky mark.
The woman was interrupted by reading half of the book because he read the book again.
The plane got into turbulence because the man looked out the window.
The boy winced because the girl stabbed her.
The doctors gave the patient an artificial limb because they watched his vital organs.
The boy pinched the girl's shoulder because he pulled his hand away from him.
I asked my friend for advice because i knew he was right.
He stepped away but because the mud hit him in the face.
A few inches of snow fell in the city because people hid underground.
The change of employee ended because he threatened to quit his job.
The tree damaged the house because the tree overshadowed the backyard.
The wood was cut in half because i put an ax in the tree.
The family congratulated the couple because the couple announced that they would have a baby.
The girl sent the boy a Valentine's Day card because he kissed her.
I nodded at my friend's statement because i agreed with him.
Friends threw a hawk and a letter because they wanted to make an honest decision.
The timer in the kitchen started working because the man took the pizza out of the oven.
The woman set an ambitious goal because he worked hard.
A wealthy man died in old age because his son inherited his fortune.
The woman trampled on the flames because smoke rose from the flames.
The woman's car was in the workshop because he was in a car accident.
I didn't hear my alarm clock because i fell asleep at breakfast.
A public figure came out of the limousine because his family attended a press conference.
The woman hung out in the bath because the bath water flowed out of the bath.
College students wanted to meet other students on campus because they took engineering as their major.
I raised the sofa cushions because i relocated the living room.
The wasp flies to the boy because the boy picked a flower.
The woman was convicted of a misdemeanor because he was sentenced to death.
I mixed sugar with hot tea because the sugar melted.
Veteran's hip because he had been injured in battle.
The criminal ran away from the police because police chased the criminal.
The laptop did not work because i downloaded it.
The woman ran out of space in the closet because he folded his underwear.
The man's heart was broken because his wife left him.
The man earned a degree because his job offer was canceled.
The man's voice clearly carried over to the auditorium because he spoke into the microphone.
I threw a coin in the fountain because the coin halved.
The player hit the ball in the direction of the hole because the ball returned to the player.
I inhaled the dust in the attic because i sneezed.
The store cashier called the security guard because the customer left the headlights on.
I took out the trash because i accidentally dropped my shopping list.
The family went to the zoo because the children chased the animals.
The man's breathing was loud because his lungs were clogged.
I had an excess ticket for the concert because i asked my friend if he would be interested in going.
The air conditioner in the house broke down because i opened the windows.
The boy's back ached because his backpack was heavy.
I bought a gift for my mother because it was his birthday.
The daffodils in the garden were destroyed because the squirrels dug up the bulbs.
I lit a match because the match caused a flame.
The disputing parties reached a solution because they wanted to improve their relationship.
The children were sent to an orphanage because their parents pampered them.
The meteorite fell into the ocean because the hail began to harbor.
The hiker met a poisonous snake because he panicked.
The oven got hot because i put the food in the oven.
I squeezed a slice of lemon because lemon spray.
The state discovered a new area because the state colonized the land.
The glass fell off the table because it landed on a pile of clothes.
The table fluctuated because the floor was slippery.
The father hit his son lying because the father trusted his son.
The man's head throbbed in pain because he took aspirin.
The train slowed down because he was behind schedule.
The man underwent therapy because he was diagnosed with depression.
She grabbed her throat because he suffocated in his food.
The woman had a sore throat because he spoke in an accent.
The dog stared at the juicy steak on the table because he lay down.
The woman's business was a success because he became wealthy.
The students left the classroom because the teacher gave homework.
The woman claimed to have seen a ghost because his acquaintances connected with him.
The man lost his hearing because he almost died in the explosion.
The child released the balloon cord because the balloon rose into the air.
The man lost his ability to speak because he took a deep breath.
The woman tripped on the sidewalk because he heard his name shout.
The man jumped on a pool bomb because the man dipped the lifeguard soaked.
I took antibiotics because my infection spread.
The traffic light turned yellow because the driver fired a signal.
The plastic container melted because i put the advice on the hot stove.
The car got dented because the driver drove through a red light.
The boy studied all night because he passed the exam.
The young boy clung to the edge of the pool because the lifeguard was at work.
I put my hand on my chest because my pulse picked up.
The outbuilding of my office was under construction because my office was noisy.
The family wanted to get to know their new neighbors because they waved to their neighbors from their garden.
Water splashed out of the pool because the swimmer swam in the pool.
I bit a slice of watermelon because i accidentally broke my tooth.
The boy stumbled because his shoelaces were loose.
The woman put earplugs in her ear because he made ear piercings for himself.
I refilled my water bottle because i kept it in the fridge.
The TV show was censored because it had a difficult story.
The ship sank because the team met with pirates.
The boy was puzzled by the mystery because he asked for a hint.
The phone rang because the man picked up the phone.
She stared at me because i felt uncomfortable.
The group left the museum because they looked at all the exhibits.
The man started arguing with me because my friend stepped out to defend me.
My tire was empty because i changed gears on the bike.
The girl looked pale because he touched his forehead himself.
The paste became empty because i signed my name.
The man was not granted a loan because he started a business.
The girl stayed home from school because he enjoyed learning mathematics.
The garbage bag was full because i threw it down the sink.
I vacuumed the carpet because my dog was hairy.
The man lost his temper because he threw the chair to the other end of the room.
The girl threw a twig into the fire because the fire went out.
The man came out of the shower because he couldn't find a towel.
The parents wanted their children to go to college because they encouraged children to play outside.
The man untied his shoelaces because his shoes became worn.
The man ate half of the appetizer because he saved the recipe.
My ankle was swollen because i applied cream to it.
My office door was open because i overheard the conversation taking place in the chamber.
I had to wait in line because i was browsing a magazine.
The man screamed at the fly because the fly remained motionless.
The man wrote the will because she was a widow.
The runner perceived the competitor catching up because he accelerated his pace.
I thought carefully about the problem because i came up with a solution.
The passenger was walking on a trembling suspension bridge because he felt ecstasy.
The man foresaw the victory of the team because he bet his friends.
The boy could not sleep because he counted the sheep.
