Items are wrapped in plastic because it's small
I took things out of my ba because i found a weapon
Termites eat hom because termites eat wood in the house.
Tourists arrive at the borde because the checkpoint accused him of secretly taking items out.
Office close because it's summer
The girl is exhauste because he jumps rope
Women lose place in the queu because he walked out of the queue.
A girl squeezes her nos because the baby has messed up diapers.
The band plays loud music because the audience sat and listened with manners.
The girl wants to thank the math teacher because the girl gave the teacher an apple
The travelers were afraid because they roast the snacks on the fire.
A man hitting his hea because his brain was hit.
The checks that I write bounc because i get a raise
Men's emails are full of junk mail because he sent mail to many people.
The sailor is quarantined because he recovered from the disease
The girl remembers the secret code because he forgot to write it down.
I pour water into the glass because the glass is filled
The man remained silent after his friend had finished speaking because he thought of his friend's words.
Accident is my faul because i will report
The chain fell apart because one of the chains fell out.
The couple decided to make a compromise because they avoid talking about the problem.
Women decide to run for elections because he gave evidence in court
Men preparing for the col because he travels with a big bag
The student knows the answer because he was born lazy
Man tear because he's wearing glasses
Athletes have won five games in a row because his rivals were sad.
The teacher tore away the exam papers of student because the student's answer was wrong.
I stopped thinkin because i can't catch my breath
Frozen food, thawe because i wrapped it in a plastic bag.
Employees pretend to be sic because he needs a vacation
The girl dived into the pool because he jumps from the jump
Movie tickets sold ou because the film received a bad response.
Men lose weigh because people compliment him
A girl's hand scratche because he guns with a rope
People perform in circus tricks while riding bicycles because an acrobat swinging from a gable
I can't control my emotion because my friend is on time
Conflicting countries want peac because they negotiated the treaty.
A man taking a sleeping pil because he has a fever
Woman hitting the sof because his knee was swollen
Boy holding a balloo because balloons float away
A tourist enters his roo because they go to the airport
I bite the peac because its water splashed out
My hands are stick because i like to eat dessert
I pushed the doo because door lock
Product boycott protester because the product was produced by child labor.
I drilled a hole in the wall because dust coming out of the hole
A woman is jealous of his siste because his sister is divorced.
I spilled wine on my shirt because i changed my shirt
The cashier opens the cash drawe because clients submit money to
Street musicians calling in the audienc because he fired people
A small child cried to his nanny because it's snack time
Pilot's radar captured the signal of the storm because the pilot takes the plane through the storm.
Deciduous tree because the leaves fell together on the ground.
The boy is naught because he decided to tease his sister.
The boy cried out to go to the bathroom because his father stopped at a service station.
Children sprinkle fish food into the pond because the fish swam into the food.
The political attitudes of women have changed because he went down to protest.
Water pip because i poured a pipe cleaner down
Passengers getting off the trai because the train whistles
The man pressed on the envelope's glue because he closed the envelope
Friends do not contact each other because he moved to another city.
The company's financial management accountant mistakes it because he is on maternity leave
I look at the cloc because i went to see the time
My hand is cramped because i hold my wife's hand
The nut is tightened because i twist the wrench
A male couple signs a room rental contract because provincial office blames the owner
Woman sitting outside on the balcon because he thought he saw lightning.
A man wearing a life jacket in the wate because shallow water
A woman typed the wrong word in the program because he hit the delete button.
The girl brag to his friend because he won the contest
Wet fiel because there were weeds all over them.
Women slee because she forgot to set an alarm.
Men wearing sunscree because he goes to the beach
The researchers proved the theory successfully because theory
The fans at the booed matc because wrong judge
I put the code in the loc because lock open
People getting crowde because the father held his son tightly.
Snow closes the entrance to the house because i shed snow from the entrance of the house.
Oarsman draws oarsme because kayak meets the waves
A girl loses control of her bicycl because she crashed into the fence.
I turn on the fa because i felt the cold air blowing through me.
The surfer returns to the beach because he saw a shark
I pulled out the cork in the tub because water spills onto the ground
The husband feels guilty for cheating on his wife because he confessed to her that he was having an affair.
Ink on paper smeared poste because i spilled water on the poster.
The child was startled and screamed because he urinates the bed.
The boy put his feet on the tabl because his father taught him
Friends turn to m because i waved my hand at him.
The government oppresses the peopl because citizens register to vote
A lost boy in the fores because he cried out for help.
Women traveling abroa because she wants to learn about other cultures.
A man is jealous of his colleagues because his colleague stayed up to work late.
Men see alien because he meditated
Male hair has turned blonde because he used shampoo
The artist creates new wor because she was inspired
The son moved out of the house because he will go to university
The book fell from the bookshel because earthquake shakes the bookshelf
My house power goes ou because i reset the power cut
We ride a roller coaste because it looks fun
The corn in the popcorn bag began to brea because i put it in the microwave.
Trees cut over electric cable because weather forecasts say there will be strong winds.
The speaker makes inappropriate words because he made the audience angry
I poked myself with a needl because a drop of blood came out of my finger.
Fish floating on the surface of the aquariu because it is dead
Hoarse voic because he quit smoking
Elevator door ope because the elevator is stuck between floors.
Teenagers secretly run away from hom because his parents detained him.
The bathroom floode because waste water heater
Pups are close to their owners because the owner tied the puppy rope
Men notice their own reflectio because he stood over a calm lake.
I couldn't pick up my girlfriend's phone because i made an appointment for him to have dinner.
A family searching around the are because expensive jewelry disappeared from the house.
I saw the cough from my breath because i feel tight in my chest
Employees form a unio because his boss raised his salary.
I bake an apple pi because the smell of the kitchen full.
Woman trying to walk with difficult because she took off her shoes
Steam rose from the cauldron because i cover the pot
My socks are all washed because i wear boots
Politicians' issues are seen as absurd because he was accused of corruption.
Not everyone agrees with the couple's engagement because the couple escaped together.
The building was dedicated to the rich because a millionaire contributes money to build buildings.
The salesman accused the girl of stealing because the salesperson helps the girl find the handbag she likes.
Countries declare war on their neighbor because the soldiers return to meet the family.
The verdict stood up to the brutal judgmen because the couple made a vow in front of the city hall
The girl smelled something burning because she forgot the cookies in the oven.
Heavy rai because i rushed into the house
Evacuees from the buildin because loud fire alarm
The father is not satisfied with his son's alcohol addiction because the father fired his son from the house.
The lawyer walked up the stairs to the office because broken elevator
Man frustrated friend because friends fed him lunch.
The girl handed the money to the cashie because the cashier forgot to give the receipt to the girl.
Woman on a wheelchai because she lay on a stretcher to the hospital.
People hang national flags in front of their houses because the country is experiencing a sluggish economy.
The team lost the tournament because he gave his fans hope.
My friend told me that I had food left on my teet because i'm proud
The boy failed a history class because he forgot to read the textbooks.
The city building collapsed because the crime rate in the city is higher.
Boyfriend breaks up with him because she brought him to get to know the family.
Two children reached for the ball at the same time because the two children's heads collided.
Raccoon rummaging through tras because the lid of the bin is open.
A boy with a pencil sharpene because blunt pencil
The cashier refused to refund the dress to the woman because the clothes do not fit.
The wound scratched deeply on my skin because the wound becomes scar
The man was looked at by other passengers on the train strange because he is talking to himself
The child left the crumbs on the floor because the boy took the bread to collect
A woman handed a tissue paper to her sister because the female sister started to cry.
Candy gu because he is worried about bad breath.
The young couple left home early to see the sho because he had a path to the theater.
Women stay home, don't go to wor because a colleague helped work for her.
Man signs campaigner petitio because he condemned the campaigners as crazy.
The actors were dismayed before the performance because he remembers his own lines.
I'm los because i unfolded the map.
The fruit is ripe in the su because withered fruit
Broken ca because engine overheating
Men back pai because he was in bed for several days.
I set a fire in the fireplac because in the house it's cold
Women stop runnin because she has a second strength.
I knocked on the neighbor's doo because neighbors left their homes.
The woman sighed in frustration because her husband kissed her goodbye.
The teacher compliments the student because the students were reluctant to answer questions.
Women have no eggs left because she goes to the supermarket
I met an old frien because i hug him
Women inevitably go into the lake because contaminated lake
The students came to the room with a wet body because his bike was stolen.
The arrows on the computer screen move because the user moves the mouse.
Shortcut drive because she followed the truck in front
I dry wet sheets on the rail outside because dirty sheets
A woman wearing sunglasse because she hailed a taxi.
A man looking at the night sk because he thought it was very beautiful.
I feel exhauste because i stay up all night
A man goes to a barber sho because his hair is getting long
Boy teasing a new classmat because the boy does not like the new classmate.
I want a glass of mil because i'm baking bread
It started to rai because driver enters reverse gear.
The parking lot in front of the building is open because i parked the car near the entrance.
The writer missed the deadline to submit the first draft because she solved the figure
The employee hung up on me because i gave him the identification number.
The wind blows through the window because curtain
The electricity in my house is off because i broke the fuse
Roaring weightlifte because he raised the beam over his head
Students try to do mental arithmetic because he is confused
Baby sleepin because dad rocked the crib gently to the baby
A girl throws a water balloon at the boy because wet boy
The photographer forgot to turn the flash on the camera because everyone in the picture does not smile.
I declined an invitation to a birthday party because i go out of town
I exercis because i'm afraid
I squeeze the wet spong because water comes out
Tourists take express boats to the resort because the resort is on the island.
Teenagers go tatto because she wants to rebel.
An unfamiliar car parked in front of my house because i called the police
Criminals surrende because there is no evidence against him.
Fat man decides to lose weigh because he shuns caffeine
The girl stepped on the ic because she shivered
Women have dark circles under their eye because she put her son to bed
Lava flows from the volcano because a calm volcano
Women wearing shoe because she wants to leave the party
I pay the expressway employees because she kept me in a locker.
Bankruptcy managemen because he wastes his money
Men go to the docto because men feel sick
I left the bedroom through the window because house uninhabited
Withered boy finger because he rubbed the soap until it formed a bubble.
I spit out the mil because i have dry mouth
I missed the bu because i got to work late
The truck collided with the sedan because car wrecked
Cheating teams give themselves an edge because he gave up
The soda bottles his because i twist the lid open
The boy was trapped outside the house because he climbed to the roof
The doorbell rang because a woman looking through the door keyhole
A man messing up a sui because he hung in the closet.
Girl squeezes toothpaste tub because the girl spit out the toothpaste.
The number of civilians killed in war is skyrocketing because people who love peace, marching, parade
The girl took the ribbon from her hair because the ribbon looks too young
Man going to have facial surger because he looks younger
The chicks emerge from the eg because i break an egg
Fasting prisoner because he fled
The man loses his balance while on the stairs because he fell down the stairs
Burp bab because he opened a can of soda.
A cold wind blows through the windo because i shiver
Students receive a scholarship to study in the university because she got good marks.
Girls, wheels, fun boy because she secretly likes him.
Homeless people steal foo because he has no money
I called a frien because i'm lonely
A man gave me a han because i slapped him
I fell awa because the frisbee flew my way.
The girl bit her nails because surprised she
I turned the calendar page because new month
The husband found that the wife was adultery because he filed for divorce
The girl dropped the rubber ball because glowing ball
The girl made a mistak because she deleted the answer.
Players intercept the opponent because opponents falling down
I pick tomatoes from the tree because i water for it
Men want to be romantic because he bought chocolates for his boyfriend.
Mercury in the thermometer rise because warmer weather
Tornado blows through the cit because the highway became dangerously frozen.
Extra student because he cheated on the exam.
I feel comfortabl because i wrapped myself in a blanket
I polish the ston because petrified stone
I add sugar to the coffee because coffee is sweet
A man flipping over the documen because he tore away the paper.
I used a hammer to nai because rusted nails
Fish eating hoo because the fisherman cast a new fishing rod.
Embarrassed teenagers having to go to schoo because she has taken off the curling iron.
My face flashed because i'm losing patience
I wipe my hands and towel because my hands are wet
The man lost his balance while on the chair because he spilled paint on the chair.
Teammates blame each othe because the coach ordered the cancellation of the practice.
I ask him to forgive because i achieve my goals
Wome because he keeps talking about himself.
Smiling gir because her dimple appeared.
Enemy ships exploded because it sailed into the port
The man was pointed at his feet because he walked on broken glass
Detectives detect fingerprints at the scen because he found the weapon for the crime at the scene.
There is heavy traffic on the highway because i hitchhiked
The national economy was in decline because many people lose their jobs.
The guard crossed the road whistle at the childre because she recognized a child from her neighborhood.
I rolled my eyes at my friend because he spoke sarcastically
The car has run out of ga because the driver picked up a hitchhiker.
Women are about to give birt because morning sick woman
Men's hats blown by the win because it's windy outside
Girls go to friends birthday part because she buys a gift
Hot bo because his mother took him to walk in the garden.
Man perfume himsel because he put the gel on his hair.
The electricity in the house is off because i pick up the shovel
The family moved to a larger house because mother gave birth to twins
Marathon runners run slowl because she saw the finish line
Boy kicking vending machine because a bag of potato chips stuck in the machine.
My friend's dog die because i hug him
Businessman credit card can't pass throug because he paid by cash
Men swearin because his toes are bent.
A proud man with a younger brothe because the younger brother is admitted to the faculty of law.
Girls want to know about the solar system because she looks at the stars
Wall poste because i put tape on the back of the poster.
The client approves the architect's building plan because the architect adjusts the plan.
A man dropped a spoon on the groun because he licked the spoon
The general manager of the company resigned because board of directors can find representatives
I'm late in clas because i walked to the podium
Man released from priso because he hurt his fellow prisoners.
The family lost all possessions because his house is on fire
I crunched aluminum cans because the cans were stepped flat.
The girl joins the debate team because she practiced communication skills.
My mood improve because i wash the dishes
The charity aims to raise mone because he organized an auction
A roller coaster plunges down a steep slope because people sitting screaming
I'm angr because i slammed the door shut before leaving the house.
A man wants to see the sunris because he woke up early
I fold pape because the paper is wrinkled.
Disaster countr because other leaders send help
The boy's shirt was soaked because he fell into the pond
The students hurried to finish reading because he borrowed a book from a friend.
The criminal was execute because he was convicted of murder.
The sun shone into the room because i unlocked the door
I snatched me from a fak because she is bald
Editors revise words in manuscripts because he thought the sentence was ambiguous.
Woman closing credit card accoun because she found that the card had expired.
Men and women love each othe because he married
The music was too low to hear because i wrote my own songs
Puffy hair bo because the girl pulled his hair
Flattened insec because i stepped on a bug
I opened my eye because i relax
Loud music from the neighbor because i borrowed a cd from him.
The men's family was in poverty because he's incomes below average.
Students graduated from universit because he finds a hobby to do
The artist mixes yellow and blue because the color turned green
I changed the tal because the talk became tense.
My brother was discharged from the hospital because i don't care about him
The stage curtain floats u because the actors in the play leave the stage
The hostages comply with the demands of the thief kidnappin because the kidnapper does nothing, the hostages.
The thumping sound thundered the stage because a musician playing the drum
Parents ran to the children's bedroom because my child is afraid to look under the bed.
Women communicate with sign languag because she was deaf from birth.
There was a drought in the region because crops are falling
A cat chasing a bir because birds catch worms
Girls move schoo because she moved to town
The factory owner refused to raise salaries for employees because staff strike
Leader against extremist groups in the countr because extremist groups assassinated him.
I walk barefoot on the beac because the waves hit the shore
I woke up in the middle of the night, chillin because i drink a glass of water
Mother convinces the child to stop crying because cry baby
My jeans are torn holes because i stumbled upon the sidewalk.
Boy wearing brace because his teeth are straight.
Yesterday I worked out in the gym because today i woke up with a sore throat.
The girls whispered to each other on the dining table because the other children in the dining table felt alienated.
The child fell on the trampolin because she decided to try somersault.
I put the letter in the mailbox because express mail
Confident gamble because he broke home.
The forest fires sprea because the arsonists were arrested.
Boy's bruised kne because his mother wrapped the wound.
Men survive a terrible diseas because he had an organ transplant.
I sip coffee very hot because i make coffee, scald my tongue.
Editors fired writer because the writer did not meet the important deadline.
I feel exhauste because i read textbooks all day.
Doctors diagnose patient because she prescribes drugs for the sick.
I scratch my ski because it itchy
Man undergoing emergency treatmen because he had a heart attack
Muscle men bulging out because he rubs his arms
A man raised an eyebro because he was frustrated
I forgive my colleague's mistakes because i believe he knows better.
Men quit smokin because he began to wake up early.
A woman punches a man in the nos because the harasser started to bleed.
Darts miss targe because men are about to lose the game of darts.
The owner of the house calls the rodent control unit to the house because he raised an ant nest in the room.
I suggested to the guests that they should go out to eat because the guest is over time
The girl catches that her brother is secretly reading the diary because she bought a new diary.
The woman had no money to pay for the rent because she quit her job
The boy quickly retracted his hand because he stroked the puppy's head.
The company wants to measure customer satisfaction because he distributes questionnaires to clients.
The wooden floor is scratched because the boy dragged a chair along the floor
I raised my hand to protect my fac because the opponent cocked the fist.
A famous statue burned dow because people came to worship.
I left the fruit on the table because fruit flies
Ballet dancers tear ligament because she sprained ankles.
The laces of the child loosen the knot because he ran and played in the playground.
I read until I got stuck because i lost time
Men believe like their parents because his parents cut him from the estate.
The car slowly slowed down until it stopped because driver sleeps in
Man eating ice cream in the su because ice cream flows down the cone.
I hang art in the room because the walls look open.
I get off work earl because boss, i arrange a meeting.
Puppies mess up the carpet because owner gives puppy treats
I'm sorry my frien because angry friend
The man stood out from the crowd because he was wearing a reflective vest.
The witness lied even though he swore it because he was charged with perjury in court.
Woman dyeing hai because she wants to blend in with other people.
Immigrants were caught living in the country illegally because he was deported.
The talker tells a joke because the audience stood up
I look at the su because the sun made me dark
I'm bore because i yawn
A hard cut stea because steak is still raw
The woman declared bankruptcy because she has a lot of debt.
The fire in my friend's apartment is on because i decided to go to him.
I hold flowers under my nos because i smell flowers
Women crave the pas because she shouted the children
Students defer to the deadline for submitting a report because he did not submit all reports.
My car is broke because i called a technician
I threw away the not because it can't read
Bird flappin because a rising bird
I parked my car on the stree because fully parked garage
Criminals aim guns at their victims because the victim raised his hand
I look forward to the coming weekend because i am planning to go to a friend's wedding.
I lost tim because i'm sick
The document was printed out, so I could not read it because out of paper printer
In the field opened the national anthe because the fans flocked into the stadium.
Tasteless dipping sauc because i add more salt
I took a spill-proof paper because what is left is sticky
A woman was interrupted while reading a book because she started to repeat the book.
The plane faced inclement weather because a man looking out of the window
The boy was startled because a girl poked him
The doctor attached a prosthesis to the patient because he took her pulse
Boy pinch elbow gir because the girl pulled her arms away from him.
I asked for advice from a friend because i know i am right.
A boy treading the mu because mud splashed on his face.
The snow fell in the city several inches thick because people taking refuge underground
Employees are out of shift because he threatened to quit his job.
Damaged tree because trees provide shade at the back of the house.
Firewood is cut in half because i hurled my ax and sneezed firewood
The family congratulated the coupl because the couple announced that he was expecting a child.
Girls send boys valentines gift because she kissed him
I nodded at the words of my friend because i agree with him
Friends toss coins tos because he wants to judge each other fairly.
Loud kitchen time because the man took the pizza out of the oven
Women set goals with ambitio because she works hard
Rich people die of old disease because his son was given an inheritance.
Woman tread on fir because smoke rose from the fire
A woman's car in the stor because she had an accident
I'm asleep, my alarm clock won't wak because i miss breakfast
A public figure stepping out of the lim because his family attended a press conference.
The woman stayed in the bath for a long time because the water in the basin flows completely out of the basin
University students want to meet other students on campus because he chose engineering major.
I raised the sofa seat because i rearranged the living room
Continued to fly towards the bo because boy picking flowers
Women guilty of petty offense because she was sentenced to death.
I'm the sugar man in hot tea because melted sugar
Veterans lim because he was injured in the battle.
The criminal ran from the polic because the police chased the criminals
The laptop computer does not turn on because i plugged in to charge my laptop computer.
Woman leaves no space in her wardrobe because she folds clothes
Heart broken ma because his wife left him.
A man with a degre because his job offer was canceled.
The voice of a man resounded throughout the room because he speaks into the microphone.
I threw a coin into the fountain because half broken coin
The player hits the ball to the hole because the ball flows back to the player.
I inhaled attic dust because i sneeze
The employee charged the bill, called the security unit because the customer left the car headlights on.
I took out the tras because i accidentally dropped my shopping list.
Family to the zo because children chasing animals
Man breathing loudl because his lungs are watery.
I have one concert ticket left because i asked my friend if he was interested in going or not.
The air conditioner in the house is broken because i open the window
Low back pain bo because his backpack is heavy
I bought a gift for mo because it's mom birthday
Damaged garden daffodil because squirrel digging flower buds
I lit a matc because matches on fire
The mediator was successful because they want to restore personal relationships.
The children were sent to the orphanage because children's parents indulge their children.
A meteorite falls into the se because hail began to fall
A mountaineer found a poisonous snake because she panicked
Hot ove because i put the plate in the oven
I squeezed a lemon because lemon juice comes out
The country found new land because countries occupying new territories
The glass rolled off the table because the glass fell on the cloth
Rocking tabl because slippery floor
The father caught his son lying because the father trusted his son
Man's head throbbing With pai because he takes aspirin
The train slows dow because the train ran behind schedule.
Men undergoing therap because he diagnosed me with depression.
A woman with a hand to hold her nec because she choked on food
Woman sore throa because she spoke with a strange accent.
Dog staring at the steak on the tabl because it lies down
Business women are successfu because she has become richer
The student walked out of the room because the teacher ordered the homework
The woman claims that she saw a ghost because people who know her are empathetic.
Hearing loss me because he almost died from the blast.
Children release their hands from the balloon string because the balloons rise in the air.
Men have lost the ability to spea because he took a deep breath.
A woman stumbles on the sidewal because she heard someone calling the name
A man jumping into the poo because lifeguard wet
I take antibiotic because the wound is infected.
Traffic lights turn yello because driver honk
Plastic melting bo because i put the box on the hot stove.
The car has dents because driver driving through a red light
The boy reads books to study all nigh because he passed the exam
The boy clung to the edge of the pool tightly because lifeguard on duty
I put my hand over to sa because my heart beats faster
The building next to my office is under construction because my office is noisy
The family wants to get to know the neighbors because the family greeted a friend from the front yard.
Water splashed from the pool because a swimmer floats in the pool
I ate a fraction of the mosaics because my teeth were accidentally broken.
The boy trippe because he did not tie his shoes.
A woman wearing an ear plu because she pierced ears
I filled the bottle with water because i keep it in the refrigerator.
TV shows were censored for conten because it has a complicated story.
Shipwrec because the crew meets pirates
The boy was frustrated by the riddle because he asked for a hint
The phone ran because man answering the phone
Women staring at m because i feel uncomfortable
A group of people left the museu because they look at every piece of art.
Men began to argue with me because my friends protect me
My bicycle tires are flat because i changed the gear
The girl looks pale because her father held her forehead.
The pen has run out of ink because i signed my name
The man was denied credit because he started a new business
Girls do not go to schoo because she likes to study numbers
The garbage bag is full because i dropped it in the sink.
I vacuum the carpe because my dog's hair loss
The man is upse because he threw a chair across the room.
The girl threw the stick into the fire because the fire goes out
The man came out of the showe because he could not find the towel.
Parents want their children to go to universit because he encouraged his children to play outside.
Men's shoelace because old shoes down
The Chab eats half a plate of appetizers because he kept the recipes.
My ankle is swolle because i put the lotion on my ankle.
The door to my office is open because i heard the conversation in the hall.
I have to wait in lin because i sit and read a magazine
Men hitting flie because still
A man writes a wil because he is a widower
The runner felt his competitors were chasing after because he ran faster
I carefully review the issue because i can find the answer
Tourists walk on a swaying suspension bridge because he was excited
The man expects his team to win because he bet with his friend
Boy can't slee because he counts sheep
