The item is packed in bubble wrap because that stuff is small.
I empty my pockets because i found a weapon.
My house was invaded by termites because the termites eat the wood of my house.
The tourists have reached the border because they are accused of smuggling by patrol agents.
The office is closed because it was summer.
The girl was exhausted because he has jumped rope.
The woman lost her place in the line because he left the line.
The girl pinched her nose because the baby soiled the diaper.
The band plays their hit song because the audience politely listened in silence.
The girl wanted to thank her math teacher because the girl gave the apple to her teacher.
The young campers were afraid because they burn marshmallows over a campfire.
The man's head hit because he has a concussion.
The check I wrote was rejected because i got a raise.
The man's email inbox is full of spam because he sent a mass email.
The sailor is quarantined because he recovered from his illness.
The girl memorized the code because he forgot to write it down.
I poured water into the glass because the glass is completely filled.
The man remained silent when his friend finished speaking because he thought about what his friend said.
The accident was my fault because i accuse other people.
The chain fell off because one of the links was broken.
The couple decided to compromise because they avoid discussing their problems.
The woman decided to run for public office because he testified in court.
The man anticipates cold weather on his way because he brought a large suitcase for the trip.
The student knows the answer to that question because he is wrong.
The man's eyes filled with tears because he wears glasses.
The player won five matches in a row because his opponent felt sorry for him.
The teacher shredded the student exam papers because all the students' answers were wrong.
I stopped talking because i lost my breath.
The frozen food is thawed because i cover it with plastic wrap.
The employee pretended to be sick because he wanted to skip.
The girl fell into the swimming pool because he jumped off the diving board.
Movie tickets were sold out because the film received poor reviews.
The man lost weight because people praised him.
The girl's hand was blistered because he climbs on a rope.
The circus performer juggled while riding a one-wheeled bicycle because the circus performer swings from the trapeze.
I lost my temper because my friend arrived on time.
Conflict countries want peace because they negotiated an agreement.
The man is taking sleeping pills because he has a fever.
The woman hits the sofa because his knees were bruised too.
The boy squeezed the balloon because the balloon flies.
The tourists check into their hotel room because they go to the airport.
I bite the peach because the juice came out of the peach.
My hands became sticky because i like sweet foods.
I pushed open the door because the door is locked.
Activists boycotted the product because these products are produced by child labor.
I drilled a hole in the wall because dust flew out of the hole.
The woman is jealous of her sister because her brother has divorced.
I spilled weekly wine on my shirt because i changed my clothes.
The cashier opened the cash register because the customer gives him money.
The street musician caught the attention of many people because he told people to leave.
The boy cried to his maid because it's time for him to eat his snack.
The pilot's radar detected a storm because the pilot continued to fly through the storm.
Leaves fall from the tree because the leaves accumulate on the ground.
The boy is in a bad mood because he decided to play a practical joke on his sister.
The boy complained that he had to go to the bathroom because his father stopped the car at a gas station.
The boy sprinkles fish food into the fish tank because the fish swims towards the food.
The woman's political views changed because he got involved in the protests.
The bathroom sink was clogged because i pour cleanser in it.
The passengers get off the train because the train blew its whistle.
The man pressed the envelope flap because he closed the envelope.
The friends lost contact because they moved to a different city.
Accountants mismanaged company funds because she went on maternity leave.
I looked at the clock because i want to know that time.
My hands are cramped because i hold hands with my wife.
The bolt tightens because i turned the wrench.
The couple signed a contract for an apartment because the apartment was taken by the city government.
The woman sat on the lawn because he thought he saw lightning.
The man is wearing a life jacket in the water because the water is shallow.
The woman made a mistake while typing the document because he press the backspace key.
The woman pretended to be in front of her friends because he won a competition.
The yard was muddy because the lawn was full of weeds.
The woman overslept because he forgot to turn on the alarm.
The man uses sunscreen lotion because he went to the beach.
The researchers proved the theory because people accept the theory.
The fans at the match booed because the referee makes a bad call.
I entered the padlock code because the lock is open.
The audience was even more crowded because the father took his son's hand.
Snow blocked the driveway because i shoveled the snow to clear the road.
They were rowing on top it seemed because like they got hit by a wave.
The girl lost control of her bicycle because he hit a fence.
I turn on the fan because i felt a cold air hitting me.
The surfers are back on the beach because they see a shark.
I pulled the drain plug in the bath because water splashed on the floor.
The husband feels guilty for having an affair because he admits his affair to her.
The ink on the poster ran because i splashed water on the poster.
The boy woke up screaming because he wet the bed.
The boy put his feet on the table because his father scolded him.
My friend turned to me because i waved.
The government oppresses its citizens because citizens register themselves to vote.
The boy got lost in the forest because he screams for help.
The woman is traveling abroad because he wants to learn about foreign cultures.
The man was jealous of his coworkers because his co-workers are working overtime.
The man saw an alien because he is meditating.
The man's hair turned blonde because he washed his hair with shampoo.
The artist creates new works because he felt inspired.
The boy moved out of his house because he's going to college.
Books fall from bookshelves because the bookshelf was shaken by the earthquake.
The electricity in my house is down because i reset the circuit breaker in my house.
We ride the roller coaster because the roller coaster looks fun.
The popcorn in the bag started to pop because i warmed the popcorn bag in the microwave.
A tree fell off the power line because strong winds were predicted.
The speaker made an unfavorable comment because he offended the audience.
I stabbed my hand with a pin because a drop of blood fell from my finger.
The fish floats on the surface of the tank because the fish is dead.
The man's voice was hoarse because he has quit smoking.
The elevator doors opened because the elevator is stuck between the floors.
The teenager slipped out of the house because he was punished by his parents.
The bathroom floor flooded because the water heater is broken.
The puppy lives near the owner because the dog is chained by its owner.
The man saw his own reflection because he stood by the peaceful pool.
I don't answer my girlfriend's phone calls because i have dinner with him.
The family is looking for its neighbors because their expensive diamond has disappeared from the house.
I see my breath because my chest feels tight.
The employees form a union because their boss raises their wages.
I make an apple pie because a warm aroma filled the kitchen.
The woman has a hard time walking because he took off his shoes.
Smoke comes out of the hot water pan because i cover the pot.
All my socks are in the wash because i wear boots.
The politician's argument was considered absurd because he was accused of corruption.
Everyone disagreed with the couple's fiancé because the couple fled to get married.
The building is dedicated to a millionaire because he has donated money to build the building.
The seller accused the girl of stealing because he helped the girl find the wallet she wanted.
The country declared war on neighboring territories because soldiers reunited with their families.
The court continues to support the controversial ruling because a husband and wife exchange vows in front of the courthouse.
The girl smells something burning because she left her biscuit cooking in the oven too long.
There is heavy rain because i ran to enter the building.
The building has been evacuated because fire alarm goes off.
The father hated his son's alcoholism because the child was kicked out of his house by his father.
The lawyer went up the stairs to get to his office because the elevator is not working.
The man was annoyed with his friend because her friend bought her lunch.
The girl gives money to cashier because the cashier forgot to reset the girl.
The woman is in a wheelchair because he was admitted to the hospital on a stretcher.
Residents hang the national flag outside their homes because the country is currently facing economic difficulties.
The team lost the tournament because they inspire their fans.
My friend told me that food was stuck in my teeth because i feel proud.
The boy failed his history test because he forgot to study for his exams.
The downtown buildings collapsed because the crime rate in the city is increasing.
The man got dumped by his girlfriend because he was introduced to his girlfriend's parents.
The two kids reached over to get the ball because their heads hit.
A raccoon rummaged through the trash because the trash was open.
The boy sharpened his pencil because the pencil is dull.
The cashier refused a refund request for the woman's dress because the dress will not fit the woman.
The scratches on my skin are deep because the scratch left a scar.
The man got a strange look from the passengers on the train because he is talking to himself.
The boy left bread crumbs on the floor because the boy discards the bread.
The woman gave tissue to her sister because the sister started crying.
The man eats a mint candy because he was afraid that his mouth would smell.
The couple left early to get to the show because they get directions to the theater.
The woman skipped the office because his coworkers help take his shift.
The man signed the activists' petition because he reproached them for being mistaken for crazy.
The actor's heart fluttered before his performance because he has memorized the lines.
I lost because i open a map.
The ripe fruit is left in the sun because the fruit is shriveled.
The car broke down because the engine has overheated.
The boy's back was injured because he was treated for several days.
I started the fire in the fireplace because it's cold in the house.
The woman stopped running because he lost his breath.
I knocked on my neighbor's door because he left his house.
The woman let out a frustrated sigh because her husband kissed her goodbye.
The teacher praised the student because the student hesitated when answering his question.
The woman is out of eggs because he went to the supermarket.
I met an old friend because i gave him a hug.
The woman avoided going to the lake because the lake looks contaminated.
Students arrive to class drenched because his bicycle has been stolen.
The cursor on the computer screen moved because the user moves the mouse.
The driver took a detour because he followed the truck in front of him.
I hung the wet cloth on the clothesline because the cloth is stained.
The woman is wearing black glasses because he called a taxi.
The man looked up at the night sky because he thought that the sky was very beautiful.
I feel tired because i didn't sleep all night.
The man goes to the barber because her hair is getting long.
The boy is playing tricks on his new friend in class because the boy did not like his new classmate.
I want to drink a glass of milk because i'm making bread.
It started to rain because the driver stopped the car.
The building's parking lot was empty because i parked near the entrance.
The writer submitted his draft submission late because he edited the draft.
The worker hung up on me because i gave my identification number.
The wind came in through the open window because the curtain shook.
My house has blackouts because i blew the fuse.
The iron lifter snorted because he lifted the weight above his head.
The student tried to do calculations in his head because he was confused.
The baby is sleeping because the father rocked the baby gently.
The woman threw a water balloon at the boy because the boy was soaking wet.
The photographer forgot to use flash when taking photos because nobody smiles in the photos.
I declined the birthday party invitation because i'm out of town.
I'm sports because i fear.
I squeeze a wet sponge because water comes out of the sponge.
Tourists take a ferry to a resort because the resort is on an island.
The young man got a tattoo because he wants to rebel.
A foreign car parked outside my house because i called the police.
The thug turned himself in because there is no evidence against it.
The burly man decided to lose weight because he avoided caffeine.
The woman stepped on the ice because he trembled.
The woman has eye bags because she put her son to sleep.
Lava flows from the volcano because the volcano is inactive.
The woman is wearing her shoes because he wants to go to the party.
I give payment to toll workers because he kept me at the toll gate.
The company executives went bankrupt because he wasted his treasure.
The man went to his doctor because he felt sick.
I went out through my bedroom window because my house is empty.
The child's fingers turned pale because he lathered his hands with soap.
I melted the milk because my mouth is dry.
I missed the bus because i came late to the office.
The car collided with a truck because the car was crushed.
Teams cheat in a contest to win because they quit the contest.
Soda bottle sizzling because i opened the cap of the bottle.
The boy is locked outside his house because he climbed the roof of his house.
The doorbell rings because the woman peeked through the keyhole on the door.
The man stains his suit because he hung the suit in his wardrobe.
The girl squeezed the toothpaste tube because the girl took off the toothpaste.
Civilian deaths from the war have risen because pacifists staged parades.
The girl pulled the ribbon from her hair because the ribbon looks childish.
The man underwent plastic surgery because he looks younger.
A baby chicken comes out of the egg because i broke the egg.
The prisoner was starving because he ran away.
The man loses his balance at the top of the stairs because she fell down the stairs.
The boy belched because he opened a soda can.
A cold breeze came in through the window because i was shaking.
Students receive scholarships for tuition because he got good grades.
The girl makes fun of the boy because the girl has a crush on him.
The hungry tramp stole food because he has no money.
I called my friend to chat because i feel lonely.
The man held out his hand to me because i slapped him.
I lowered my head because the frisbee flew towards my head.
The girl bit her nails because she was shocked.
I turned the calendar page because it's time for the start of a new month.
The husband discovered that his wife was cheating on him because he filed for divorce to his wife.
The girl drops a rubber ball because the ball shines.
The girl made a mistake in her exam because he erased the answer.
The player drops his opponent because his opponent fell.
I pick tomatoes from the plant because i water them.
The man wants to act romantic because he bought chocolate for his girlfriend.
The mercury in the thermometer goes up because the weather is getting warmer.
A tornado passes through the city because the road became very slippery with ice.
The student receives tutoring because he cheated on exams.
I feel comfortable because i wrap myself in a blanket.
I polish the rock because the stone became shiny.
I add sugar to the coffee because the coffee tastes sweet.
The man processed the papers because he tore up the papers.
I hit the nails with a hammer because the nail is rusty.
The fish nibbled on the fishing line because the fisherman returned the fishing line.
The teenager is too shy to go to school because he had his braces removed.
My facial expression shines because i lost my temper.
I wipe my hands with a towel because my hands are wet.
The man loses his balance on the bench because he spilled paint on the bench.
The teammates blamed each other because their coach canceled their practice.
I apologize because i have achieved my goal.
The woman is bored with her date because he constantly talked about himself.
The girl smiled because the dimples are visible.
The enemy ship exploded because the ship sailed to port.
The man's leg is pricked because he steps on the broken glass.
The detectives look for fingerprints at the crime scene because they find weapons at the crime scene.
There are a lot of traffic jams on the highway because i asked for a ride.
The country's economy is in decline because many people are unemployed.
Traffic guard blows his whistle on kids because he recognized them from his surroundings.
I rolled my eyes at my friend because he made a sarcastic comment.
The car ran out of gas because the driver gets a ride.
The woman gave birth because the woman was sick in the morning.
The man's hat was blown off because there is a lot of wind outside.
The girl attends a classmate's birthday party because he bought her a gift.
The boy's forehead felt hot because his mother took him to the park.
The man sprayed himself with cologne because she packs her hair in gel.
The electricity in the house is down because i took a shovel.
The family moved to a bigger house because the mother gave birth to twins.
The marathon runner is running slowly because he could see the finish line.
The boy kicks the vending machine because the bag of chips he bought stuck in the machine.
My friend's dog died because i hugged my friend.
The businessman's credit card was rejected because he paid in cash.
The man said some harsh words because his toes hit something.
The man is proud of his brother because his brother was accepted into law school.
The girl wants to learn about the solar system because he saw the stars in the sky.
The poster is stuck on the wall because i put tape on the back of the poster.
The client approves the architect's plans for the building because the architect adjusted his plans.
The man drops the spoon because he licked the spoon.
The CEO of the company has resigned because the board of directors has found a replacement.
I came late to college because i approached the podium.
The man was released from prison because he attacked an inmate.
The family lost all their belongings because their house is on fire.
I stepped on the aluminum can because the can is crushed.
The woman is on the debate team because he learned to communicate.
My mood is improving because i wash the dishes.
The charity set up a target for their money-raising because they held an auction.
The roller coaster fell down a steep cliff because the passengers screamed.
I was very angry because i slammed the door when i left the house.
The man wants to watch the sun rise because he woke up early.
I folded the paper because the paper is wrinkled.
The nation experienced natural disasters because the leaders of other countries sent emergency aid.
The boy's clothes were soaked because he fell in the pool.
The student hurried over to finish the book because he borrowed it from a friend.
The criminal was executed because he was convicted of murder.
Sunlight entered the room because i unlocked the door.
I pulled the con artist's hair because he's bald.
The editor rewrites a sentence in the manuscript because he found the sentence unclear.
The woman canceled her credit card account because he realized that the card had expired.
The man and woman fell in love because they are married.
The music is too dim to hear because i composed my own songs.
The boy's hair is sticking out because the girl pulled it.
The insect was squashed because i stepped on the insect.
I opened my eyes because i feel calm.
Music from my neighbor's house was blaring because i asked to borrow the music cd from him.
The man's family lives in poverty because he is paid less than the minimum wage.
The student graduated from university because he started a hobby.
The artist mixes yellow paint with blue paint because the paint turns green.
I changed the subject because the conversation became tense.
My brother has been discharged from the hospital because i gave him the cold shoulder.
The curtains on the stage rose because the actors in the play walked off the stage.
The hostages surrendered to the mandate of their kidnappers because the kidnapper left the hostage alone.
An explosion echoed across the stage because the musician hits the drums.
The parents rushed to their child's room because the boy was afraid to look under the bed.
The woman communicates in sign language because he was born deaf.
Drought occurred in the region because the crop was destroyed.
The cat is chasing the bird because the bird catches a worm.
The girl changed schools because he moved to a new city.
The factory owner refused to raise the wages of the employees because the employees protested.
The leader outraged extremists in his country because the extremists killed him.
I walk on the beach barefoot because the waves hit the shore.
I woke up in the middle of the night cold because i drink a glass of water.
The mother calms her son down because the son whined.
There is a hole in my jeans because i tripped on the sidewalk.
The boy is wearing braces because his teeth became straight.
I worked out at the gym yesterday because i woke up with a sore throat today.
The girls whispered back and forth to each other at the lunch table because the other students at their dining table felt left out.
The kid lands on the trampoline because he tries to flip.
I put the letter in the mailbox because the letter was sent expressly by the post office.
The gambler is confident because he came home broke.
The forest fires were spreading because the arsonists were arrested.
The boy scratched his knee because his mother dressed the wound.
The man survived the deadly disease because he received an organ transplant.
I took a sip of the hot coffee because i burned my tongue.
The editor fired the writer because the writer didn't finish work by an important deadline.
I feel tired because i study all day long.
The doctor diagnoses a patient because he prescribes pills to his patients.
I scratched my skin because my skin feels itchy.
The man underwent emergency surgery because he's suffering from a heart attack.
The man's arm muscles bulged because he rubbed his arm.
The man raised his eyebrows because he was discouraged.
I forgive my colleague's mistakes because i believe that he knows better.
The man quit smoking because he started getting up early.
The woman hit her attacker's nose because the assailant started bleeding.
The arrow did not hit its target because the man lost the game.
The owner of the house asked the exterminator to come to his house because he has an ant farm in his room.
I suggested to the guests of my house to go out for dinner because my guest house has been staying too long.
The girl caught her brother reading her diary because he bought a new diary.
The woman was short of money to pay her rent because he quit his job.
The child's hand was quickly taken back because he patted the puppy on the head.
The company wants to measure customer satisfaction because they share surveys with their customers.
The wooden floor was scratched because the boy dragged the chair on the floor.
I protect my face because my enemies clenched their fists.
The famous statue caught fire because people came to glorify it.
I left the fruit on the table because the flies swarmed the fruit.
The ballerina tore her ligament because he twisted his ankle.
The boy's shoelaces fell off because he jogged around the playground.
I was fascinated by this book because i lost track of time.
The man has the same beliefs as his parents because his parents no longer recognized him as their son.
The car slowly slowed to a stop because the driver is asleep.
The man eats ice cream in the sun because the ice cream dripped from the cone.
I hung a work of art in the room because the walls of the room looked empty.
I left work early because my boss has a meeting.
The puppies dirty the carpet because the owner gave him a gift.
I apologize to my friend because he became furious.
The man stood out very well in the crowd because he is wearing a neon vest.
The witness lied under oath because he was charged with perjury.
The woman dyed her hair because he wants to mingle with other people.
The immigrants were arrested for living with ilega in the country because they were deported.
The speaker made a joke because audience stood up.
I looked at the sun because my skin is sunburnt.
I am bored because i yawned.
The steak was tough to cut because the steak was raw.
The woman declared bankruptcy because he was in huge debt.
The lights in my friend's apartment were on because i came to visit him.
I put the flower under my nose because i smell the flowers.
The woman felt nostalgic because she screamed at her children.
The student procrastinated completing his assignment because he submitted an incomplete assignment.
My car broke down because i called a mechanic.
I threw away the note because the notes are illegible.
The bird flaps its wings because he flew up.
I parked in the driveway because the garage is full.
The criminal aimed the gun at the victim because the victim raised his hand.
I'm looking forward to the weekend because i'm planning to attend my friend's wedding.
I lost track of time because i'm nauseous.
The printed document could not be read because the printer has run out of paper.
The national anthem is played inside the stadium because the fans rushed onto the pitch.
The sauce tasted bland because i add salt to the sauce.
I put a paper towel over the spill because the spill leaves a sticky residue.
The woman was distracted in the middle of reading her book because he reread the book.
The plane was hit by turbulence because the man looked out the window.
The boy gasped because the girl stabbed him.
The doctors gave the patient an prosthetic leg because they monitor his vital signs.
The boy pinched the girl's elbow because she jerked her arm away from him.
I asked my friend for advice because i know i'm right.
The boy stepped into the mud because the mud hit his face.
Inches of snow fell on the city because people hide underground.
The employee shift has ended because he threatened to quit his job.
The tree damaged the house because the tree shaded the backyard.
The wood was split in two because i swung the ax at the wood.
The family congratulates the couple because the couple announced that they were going to have a baby.
The girl sends valentine to the boy because he kissed her.
I nodded my head at my friend's statement because i agree with him.
The friends throw a coin because they want to make fair decisions.
The timer in the kitchen went off because the man takes out a pizza from the oven.
The woman sets out to arrive at ambitious goals because he worked hard.
The rich man died of old age because his son inherited his wealth.
The woman stepped on the fire because smoke rose from the fire.
The woman's car is in the shop because he was in a car accident.
I kept sleeping even though my alarm sounded because i missed breakfast.
The public figure got out of the limousine because her family attended the press conference.
The woman lingered in the bath because shower water drains out of the bath.
The student wants to meet other students on campus because he majored in engineering.
I lifted the sofa cushions because i'm rearranging the living room.
The wasp flew towards the boy because the boy is picking flowers.
The woman was found guilty of minor offenses because he was sentenced to death.
I stir the sugar into the hot tea because the sugar dissolves.
The veteran walked with a limp because he was injured in battle.
The thug runs away from the police because the police are chasing the criminal.
The laptop won't turn on because i charge the battery.
The woman ran out of space in her closet because he folds the laundry.
The man is heartbroken because his wife left him.
The man got the title because her job offer was canceled.
The man's voice projected clearly throughout the auditorium because he spoke into the microphone.
I threw a coin into the fountain because the coin broke in half.
The player hits the ball towards the hole because the ball returns to the player.
I inhaled dust in the attic because i sneezed.
The store cashier called for security because the customer leaves his car's headlights on.
I took out the trash because i accidentally threw away my grocery list.
The family went to the zoo because the cubs chase the animals.
The man's breath was hard because his lungs are tight.
I have extra tickets for the concert because i asked my friend if he was interested in going with me.
The air conditioner in the house is broken because i opened the window.
The boy's back hurts because the backpack is heavy.
I bought my mother a gift because it is his birthday.
The lilies in the garden were destroyed because the squirrels dig up the daffodils.
I light the match because the match produced a flame.
The disputing parties reached a settlement because they want to improve their personal relationship.
The children were sent to an orphanage because their parents spoiled them.
A meteorite landed in the ocean because hail started.
The passerby found a poisonous snake because he panicked.
The oven is hot because i put the food in the oven.
I squeeze a lemon wedge because the lemon sprays.
The country found new land because the country colonized the land.
The glass rolled off the table because the glass lands on the pile of laundry.
The table shook because the floor was slippery.
The father caught his son lying because the father trusts his son.
The man's head throbbed in pain because he took aspirin.
The train slowed down because the train was running behind schedule.
The man is undergoing therapy because he was diagnosed with depression.
The woman gripped his throat because she choked on the food.
The woman has a sore throat because he spoke with an accent.
The dog looked at the delicious steak that was on the table because he is lying.
The woman's business was successful because he became rich.
The students left the classroom because the teacher gave them homework.
The woman admitted she had seen a ghost because his acquaintances announced it.
The man lost his hearing because he was nearly killed in an explosion.
The kid releases the balloon rope because the balloon rose into the air.
The man lost his ability to speak because he took a deep breath.
The woman was tugged on the sidewalk because he heard someone calling his name.
The man was doing cannonball style as he jumped into the pool because the man drenched the lifeguard.
I'm taking antibiotics because my infection is spreading.
Traffic light turns yellow because the driver honked his horn.
The plastic container melts because i place the container on the hot stove.
The car is dented because the driver ran a red light.
The boy studied all night because he passed his test.
The boy is holding tight to the pool handle because the lifeguard is on duty.
I put my hand on my chest because my heart rate increased.
The building near my office is being repaired because my office got disturbed.
The family wanted to get to know their new neighbor because the family waved to their neighbors from their yard.
Water splashed from the pool because the swimmer floats in the pool.
I took a bite of a watermelon because i accidentally broke my teeth.
The boy stumbled because her shoelaces fell off.
Women use earplugs because she pierced her ears.
I refilled my water bottle because i keep it in the refrigerator.
The television show was censored because the show has a complicated plot.
The ship sank because the crew meets the pirates.
The boy felt confused by the riddle because he asked for a clue.
The phone rings because the man picked up the phone.
The woman looked at me because i feel bad.
The group left the museum because they visit all exhibitions.
The man started an argument with me because my friend stood up for me.
My bicycle tire is flat because i changed my bike gear.
The girl looked pale because his father felt his forehead.
The pen ran out of ink because i signed my name.
The man is refused a loan because he started a business.
The girl didn't go to school because he enjoyed studying mathematics.
The trash bag is full because i threw it down the sink.
I have vacuumed the carpet because my dog drops a lot of hair.
The man lost his temper because he had thrown a chair across the room.
The girl has thrown a branch into the fire because the fire was extinguished.
The man comes out of the bathroom because he couldn't find the towel.
The parents wanted their kids to go to college because they have encouraged their children to play outside.
The man has untied his shoelaces because his shoes have become worn.
The man has eaten half of the main course because he has kept the recipe.
My ankle is swollen because i've put lotion on it.
My office door was open because i have overheard the conversation taking place in the hall.
I have to queue because i have briefly read a magazine.
The man has swatted a fly because the fly remained silent.
The man has already written his will because he is a widower.
The runner senses that his competitor is approaching him because he had accelerated his pace.
I have thought carefully about the matter because i have found a solution.
The tourist walked on a wobbly suspension bridge because he felt very happy.
The man had anticipated his team's victory because he had made a bet with his friends.
The boy can't sleep because he has counted sheep.
