The item is wrapped in bubble wrap because it is very small.
I emptied my pocket because i found a weapon.
Termites invaded the house because termites ate through the wood in the house.
The passenger arrives at the border because patrol officers accused them of smuggling.
The office is closed because it was summer.
The girl was exhausted because she skipped the rope.
There is no place for the woman to line up because she walked out of the team.
The girl squeezed her nose because the baby soiled his diaper.
The band played their hit song because the audience was politely silent.
The girl wanted to thank her math teacher because the girl brought an apple to the teacher.
The young campers are scared because they toasted marshmallows on the campfire.
The man bumped his head because he had a concussion.
My check was declined because i got a raise.
The man's email inbox was flooded with spam because he sent mass emails.
The sailor was quarantined because he recovered from the illness.
The girl remembered the password because she forgot to write it down.
I poured water into the glass because the glass became full.
When his friend finished speaking, the man remained silent because he was thinking about what his friend said.
The accident was my fault because i sued.
The chain broke because a section of the chain is broken.
The couple decided to compromise because they avoid discussing this issue.
The woman decided to run for public office because she testified in court.
The man expected the weather to be very cold during his journey because he travels with a large suitcase.
The student knows the answer to this question because it is lazy.
The man's eyes were crying because he put on goggles.
This player has won five consecutive games because her opponent felt sorry for her.
The teacher tore up the student's test paper because the student's answer is wrong.
I stopped talking because i was out of breath.
The frozen food is thawed because i covered it with plastic wrap.
The employee pretends to be sick because he wants to take a day off.
The girl fell into the swimming pool because she jumped off the diving board.
The movie tickets are sold out because the review of this movie is poor.
The man lost weight because people praised him.
The girl's hand blistered because she climbed up a rope.
Circus performers juggling while riding a unicycle because the acrobats flew around from the sky.
I lost my patience because my friend arrived on time.
The warring nations demand peace because they agreed on a treaty.
The man took sleeping pills because he has a fever.
The woman bumped into the sofa because she bruised her knee.
The boy squeezed a balloon because the balloon flew away.
The travelers checked into their hotel room because they went to the airport.
I bit a peach because the juice spilled out.
My hands are sticky because i love sweets.
I pushed the door because the door is locked.
Radicals boycotted these products because the products are made by child labor.
I drilled a hole in the wall because dust blows out from the hole.
The woman envied her sister because her sister is divorced.
I spilled wine on my shirt because i changed my shirt.
The cashier opened the cash register because the customer handed over the money.
Street musicians attracted a group of people because he drove the crowd away.
The little boy cried to his nanny because it's snack time.
The pilot's radar spotted a storm because the pilot flew through the storm.
The tree has fallen leaves because the leaves are stacked on the ground.
The boy wanted to play a prank because he decided to tease his sister.
The child complained that he must go to the bathroom because his father parked the car at the gas station.
The child sprinkled fish food into the water tank because the fish swam towards food.
Women's political views have changed because she participated in the protest.
The sink in the bathroom is clogged because i poured sewer cleaner into the sink.
The passengers got off the train because the train whistle.
The man pressed the wet mouth of the envelope because he sealed the envelope.
Friends lost contact because they moved to different cities.
The accountant mismanaged the company's funds because she took maternity leave.
I look at the clock because i want to check the time.
My hands tightened because my wife and i held hands.
The bolts are tightened because i twisted the wrench.
The couple signed an apartment lease because the city government sentenced the apartment to a dilapidated building.
The woman was sitting outside the porch because she thought she saw lightning.
The man was wearing a life jacket in the water because the water is very shallow.
The woman made a typo in the word processor because she pressed the backspace key.
The girl brags to her friend because she won the game.
The lawn is muddy because there are weeds everywhere.
The woman overslept because she forgot to set the alarm clock.
The man put on sunscreen because he went to the beach.
The researchers proved this theory because the public accepted this theory.
The fans booed in the game because the referee made a wrong judgment.
I entered my combination code on the lock because the lock is unlocked.
The crowd is increasing because the father holds his son's hand.
Snow blocked the driveway because i shoveled the snow away.
The kayaker was paddling because the kayak encountered wind and waves.
The girl's bicycle got out of control because she hit the fence.
I turned on the fan because i feel a cool breeze.
The surfer returned to the beach because they saw a shark.
I pulled off the drain plug in the bathtub because water splashed on the floor.
The husband feels guilty for cheating on his wife because he confessed his infidelity to her.
The ink on the poster was wiped away because i spilled water on the poster.
The child yelled because he wet the bed.
The boy put his feet on the table because his father educated him.
My friend turned his head in my direction because i waved my arms.
The government oppresses its citizens because citizens register to vote.
The boy got lost in the woods because he screamed for help.
This woman has traveled abroad because she wants to learn about other cultures.
The man is jealous of his colleague because his colleague worked late.
The man witnessed aliens because he was meditating.
The man's hair turned golden because he put shampoo in his hair.
The artist created a new work because she felt a burst of inspiration.
The son left the house because he is going to college.
The book fell off the shelf because an earthquake shook the bookshelves.
There is a power outage in my house because i reset the circuit breaker.
We took a roller coaster because it looks very interesting.
The popcorn bag began to crack because i heated it in the microwave.
A tree fell on the wire because the weather forecast says there is a strong wind.
The speaker made politically incorrect comments because he offended the audience.
I stabbed myself with a needle because a drop of blood formed on my finger.
The fish floated on the surface of the water tank because it's dead.
The man's voice sounded hoarse because he quit smoking.
The elevator door opened because the elevator is stuck between floors.
The teenager slipped out of the house because his parents put him in confinement.
The bathroom was flooded because the water heater is broken.
The puppy stayed near the owner because the owner tied the puppy to the leash.
The man saw his reflection because he stood on the calm lake.
I missed my girlfriend's call because i had dinner with her.
The family searched the neighborhood because their family lost expensive jewelry.
When I exhaled, I saw my breath because my chest feels tight.
The employees formed a union because their employer raised their wages.
I baked an apple pie because the kitchen was filled with warm fragrance.
The woman struggled to walk because she took off her shoes.
Steam rises from the pot because i covered the pot.
All my socks are in the laundry room because i am wearing boots.
The politician's argument was considered absurd because he was accused of corruption.
Everyone disagrees with the engagement of the couple because the couple eloped.
This building is dedicated to the millionaire because the millionaire donated money to build it.
The salesperson accused the girl of stealing because the salesperson helped the girl find a wallet she liked.
The country declared war on its neighbors because the soldiers reunited with their families.
The court upheld the controversial ruling because a couple exchanged vows in front of the court.
The girl smelled something burnt because she forgot the cookies in the oven.
The rain is pouring down because i rushed in.
The building was evacuated because the fire alarm went off.
The father hates his son's alcoholism because the father kicked his son out of the house.
The lawyer climbed the stairs to her office because the elevator is broken.
The man was very annoyed with his friend because his friend bought him lunch.
The girl handed the money to the cashier because the cashier forgot to give the girl a receipt.
The woman was put in a wheelchair because she was carried into the hospital on a stretcher.
The citizens hung the national flag outside their homes because this country is facing economic difficulties.
The team lost the game because they inspired their fans.
My friend pointed out that I had food stuffed in my teeth because i'm very proud.
The boy failed the history exam because he forgot to study.
The building in the city center collapsed because the crime rate in this city has risen.
The man's girlfriend broke up with him because she introduced him to her parents.
The two children reached out to retrieve the ball at the same time because their heads collided.
The bear ransacked the trash can because the lid of the trash can is not closed.
The boy polished the pencil because it is blunt.
The cashier refused to refund the woman because this dress is inappropriate.
The scratches on my skin are deep because it left a scar.
The passengers on the train looked at him strangely because he was talking to himself.
The child left the crumbs on the floor because the child put away the bread.
The woman handed her sister a tissue because the woman's sister cried.
The man took mint because he is worried about bad breath.
The couple left early to watch the show because they know the way to the theater.
The woman stayed at home and did not go to work because her colleague helped her cover.
The man signed a petition from a human rights defender because he condemned them for being crazy.
The actor was flustered before the performance because he memorized his lines.
I'm lost because i unfolded a map.
The ripe fruit shook in the sun because it withered.
The car broke down because the engine is overheating.
The man hurt his back because he stayed in bed for a few days.
I made a fire in the fireplace because it's cold in the house.
The woman stopped jogging because she regained her energy.
I knocked on the neighbor's door because my neighbor left her house.
The woman sighed in frustration because her husband kissed her goodbye.
The teacher praised the students because the student hesitated to answer the question.
The woman ran out of eggs because she went to the supermarket.
I met an old friend because i gave him a hug.
The woman avoided going to the lake because it looks contaminated.
The students got soaked when they came to class because his bicycle was stolen.
The cursor on the computer screen has moved because the user moved the mouse.
The driver took a detour because she followed the truck in front.
I hung the wet sheets on the outdoor clothesline because the sheets are stained.
The woman put on her sunglasses because she called a taxi.
The man stared at the night sky because he thought it was beautiful.
I feel exhausted because i stayed up late.
The man went to the barber because his hair has grown longer.
The boy maliciously teased his new classmate because the boy doesn't like this new classmate.
I want to drink a glass of milk because i am baking bread.
It started to rain because the driver reversed the car.
The parking lot of the building is empty because i parked the car near the entrance.
The author missed the deadline for submitting the draft because she edited the draft.
The colleague hung up my phone because i provided my id number.
The wind blew through the open window because the curtains trembled.
The electricity in my house went out because i blown the fuse.
The weightlifter hummed because he raised the barbell above his head.
The student tried to mentally calculate because he was confused.
The baby fell asleep because the father shook the baby gently.
The girl threw the water balloon at the boy because the boy was getting wet.
The photographer forgot to use the flash on the camera because everyone in the photo refused to smile.
I declined the invitation to the birthday party because i am not in the city.
I exercised because i'm scared.
I squeezed this wet sponge because water seeps from it.
The tourists took the ferry to the resort because the resort is on an island.
This teenager has tattoos because she wants to rebel.
An unfamiliar car parked outside my house because i called the police.
The criminal surrendered because there is no evidence against him.
The burly man decided to lose weight because he avoids caffeine.
The girl stepped on the ice because she was shaking.
The woman has bags under her eyes because she settled her son to sleep.
Lava flows from the volcano because the volcano is dormant.
The woman put on shoes because she wants to leave the party.
I paid the fee to the toll booth attendant because she stopped me at the toll booth.
The executive officer went bankrupt because he squandered his property.
The man went to see a doctor because the man feels unwell.
I left the bedroom through the window because the house is empty.
The boy's fingers became wrinkled because he beats his hands with soap.
I spit out milk because my mouth is dry.
I missed the bus because i was late for work.
The truck collided with the car because the car was crashed.
This team manipulated the game in a way to their advantage because they quit.
The soda bottle hissed because i unscrewed the hat.
The boy was locked outside the house because he climbed onto the roof.
Doorbell rang because the woman peeped through the keyhole in the door.
The man soiled his suit because he hung it in the closet.
The girl squeezed a tube of toothpaste because the girl spit out toothpaste.
The number of civilian deaths caused by the war has skyrocketed because the pacifists held a demonstration.
The girl pulled the ribbon out of her hair because the ribbon looks childish.
The man had plastic surgery because he looks younger.
A little chicken came out of the egg because i broke the egg.
The prisoner starved to death because he escaped.
The man lost his balance on the ladder because he fell off the ladder.
The child hiccups because he opened the soda can.
A cold wind came in from the window because i tremble.
The student won a scholarship to go to university because she has good grades.
The girl teased the boy because she is infatuated with him.
The hungry tramp stole the food because he has no money.
I called my friend to chat because i feel lonely.
The man reached out his hand to me because i slapped him.
I avoided because the frisbee flew towards my head.
The girl bit her nails because she was surprised.
I turned a page of the calendar because this is the beginning of a new month.
The husband found out that his wife had an affair because he filed for divorce.
The girl dropped the rubber ball because the ball is shining.
The girl made a mistake in the exam because she erased her answer.
The player turned his opponent down because his opponent knocked down the ground.
I picked tomatoes from the vine because i water them.
The man wanted to be romantic because he bought chocolates for his girlfriend.
The mercury in the thermometer rises because the weather is getting warmer.
The tornado passed through the entire town because the highway may cause dangerous freezing.
The student received counseling because he cheated in the exam.
I feel very comfortable because i wrapped myself in a blanket.
I polished the stone because it becomes shiny.
I added sugar to the coffee because the coffee tastes sweet.
The man flipped through the newspaper because he tore up the document.
I hit the nail with a hammer because the nail is rusty.
The fish bit the thread because the fisherman threw the fishing line again.
This teenager is embarrassed to go to school because she took off her braces.
My facial expression lit up because i lost my patience.
I wiped my hands with a towel because my hands are wet.
The man lost his balance on the stool because he spilled paint on the stool.
The teammates blamed each other because their coach cancelled the practice.
I ask for forgiveness because i achieved my goal.
This woman is tired of her date because he kept talking about himself.
The girl flashed a smile because she has dimples.
The enemy ship exploded because it sailed into the port.
The man pierced his foot because he stepped on broken glass.
The detectives dusted the crime scene to show fingerprints because they found weapons at the crime scene.
The traffic on the highway is heavy because i ask for a free ride.
The country's economy has declined because many people face unemployment.
The traffic controller whistled to the children because she recognized them from her neighbors.
I rolled my eyes at my friend because he made a satirical comment.
The car has run out of gasoline because the driver picked up a hitchhiker.
The woman started giving birth because the woman had morning sickness.
The man's hat was blown off because it's windy outside.
The girl attended the birthday party of her classmate because she bought a gift.
The boy's forehead is hot because his mother took him to the park.
The man sprayed cologne because he applied hairspray to his hair.
The electricity in the house went out because i picked up a shovel.
The family moved into a larger house because the mother gave birth to twins.
The marathon runner kept a slow pace because she saw the finish line.
The boy kicked the vending machine because a bag of french fries is stuck.
My friend's dog died because i gave him a hug.
The merchant's credit card was rejected because he paid in cash.
The man cursed because he kicked his toe.
The man is proud of his brother because his brother was admitted to law school.
This girl wants to understand the solar system because she looked at the stars.
The poster is stuck on the wall because i put tape on the back of the poster.
The client approved the architect's building plan because the architect adjusted the plan.
The man dropped the spoon because he licked the spoon.
The CEO of the company resigned because the board found his successor.
I was late for class because i approached the podium.
The man was released from prison because he attacked a fellow prisoner.
The family lost all of its property because their house is on fire.
I stepped on the aluminum can because the can was crushed.
The girl joined the debate team because she learned communication skills.
My mood improved because i washed the dishes.
The charity set a fundraising goal because they held an auction.
The roller coaster descended quickly from the steep slope because the passengers screamed.
I am very angry because when i left the house, i slammed the door.
The man wants to watch the sunrise because he got up very early.
I folded the paper because the paper is creased.
This country has endured a natural disaster because leaders of other countries sent emergency rescue.
The boy's clothes were soaked because he fell into the swimming pool.
The student hurriedly finished the book because he borrowed it from a friend.
The criminal was executed because he was convicted of murder.
The sun shines into the room because i opened the door.
I pulled the liar's hair because she is bald.
The editor rewrote a sentence in the manuscript because he thought that sentence was unclear.
The woman cancelled her credit card account because she realized that the card had expired.
Man and woman fall in love because they got married.
The music is too weak to hear because i wrote my own song.
The boy's hair stood up because the girl pulled it.
The bug was squashed because i stepped on this bug.
I opened my eyes because i relax.
My neighbor's music is loud because i borrowed a cd from him.
The man's family lives in poverty because he earns less than the minimum wage.
This student graduated from university because he started a hobby.
The artist mixed yellow paint into blue paint because the paint turned green.
I changed the topic of conversation because the conversation became tense.
My brother was discharged from the hospital because i treat him coldly.
The curtain on the stage opened because the actors in the play quit the stage.
The hostages obeyed the kidnappers because the kidnappers left the hostages themselves.
A rumbling sound echoed on the stage because the musician beats the drum.
The parents rushed to the child's bedroom because the child was afraid to look under the bed.
The woman communicated with sign language because she was born deaf.
There was a drought in the area because the crops are dead.
The cat chased the bird because the bird caught the bug.
The girl changed schools because she moved to a new town.
The factory owner refused to raise the wages of his employees because the employees continued to strike.
This leader is fighting against extremists in his country because the extremists assassinated him.
I walked barefoot on the beach because the waves rushed along the coast.
I woke up in the middle of the night feeling very cold because i drank a glass of water.
The mother quieted her son because her son grumbled.
There is a hole in my jeans because i tripped on the sidewalk.
The boy wears braces because his teeth became straight.
I worked out at the gym yesterday because i woke up today with a sore throat.
Girls whisper to each other at the dinner table because the other students at the table felt left out.
The child fell on the trampoline because she decided to try a flip.
I mailed the letter to the mailbox because the post office quickly issued the letter.
The gambler is very confident because he was bankrupt when he returned home.
The forest fire spread because the arsonist was arrested.
The child tore his knee because his mother put a bandage on the wound.
The man survived this deadly disease because he received an organ transplant.
I took a sip of hot coffee because i burned my tongue.
The editor fired the author because the author missed an important deadline.
I feel exhausted because i studied all day.
The doctor diagnoses the patient because she prescribed medicine to the patient.
I scratched my skin because it feels very itchy.
The man underwent emergency surgery because he has a heart attack.
The man's arm muscles bulged because he rubbed his arm.
The man raised his eyebrows because he felt discouraged.
I forgave my colleagues' stupid mistakes because i believe he knows better.
The man quit smoking because he started to get up early.
The woman hit the attacker's nose with a fist because the attacker began to bleed.
The dart missed the bull's eye because the man lost the game.
The owner asked a murderer to come to his house because he kept an ant farm in the room.
I suggest my guests go out for dinner because my guest stayed too long.
The girl found out that her brother was reading her diary because she received a new diary.
The woman is short of money to pay the rent because she resigned.
The child's hand quickly flinched because he patted the puppy on the head.
The company wants to measure customer satisfaction because they distributed a survey to customers.
The wooden floor was scratched because the boy dragged the chair across the floor.
I covered my face because my enemy raised his fist.
This famous statue was burnt down because people come to worship it.
I forgot the fruit on the table because the fruit was packed with flies.
The ballet dancer tore the lace because she sprained her ankle.
The child's shoelaces were untied because he ran around on the playground.
I am obsessed with this book because i forgot the time.
This person has beliefs similar to those of his parents because his parents abandoned him.
The car gradually slowed to a stop because the driver fell asleep.
The man ate ice cream in the sun because the ice cream dripped from the cone.
I hang the artwork in the room because the walls look bare.
I got off work very early because my boss called a meeting.
The puppy soiled the carpet because the owner gave the puppy a treat.
I apologized to my friend because my friend is very angry.
The man stood out from the crowd because he is wearing a neon vest.
The witness lied after taking the oath because he was accused of perjury.
The woman dyed her hair because she wants to blend in.
These immigrants live in this country illegally because they were deported.
The public spokesperson made a joke because the audience stood up.
I look at the sun because the sun has tanned my skin.
I feel very boring because i yawned.
Steak is difficult to cut because the steak is raw.
The woman declared bankruptcy because she got a huge debt.
The light in my friend's apartment is on because i decided to visit him.
I put flowers under my nose because i smell the fragrance of flowers.
Woman feels nostalgic because she yelled at the children.
The student delays the article because the documents he submitted are incomplete.
My car broke down because i called a mechanic.
I discarded the note because this is illegible.
The bird flapped its wings because it rises upward.
I parked the car in the driveway because the garage is full.
The criminal aimed a gun at his victim because the victim raised his hands.
I look forward to the weekend because i plan to attend my friend's wedding.
I forgot the time because i am sick.
The document is unrecognizable after printing because the printed matter is out of paper.
The stadium played the national anthem because the fans rushed to the field.
The dip tasted bland because i put salt.
I put the paper towel on the overflow because the spill left a sticky residue.
The woman was interrupted while reading because she reread the book.
The plane encountered some turbulence because the man looked out the window.
The boy flinched because the girl poked him.
The doctor gave the patient a prosthesis because they monitored her vital signs.
The boy squeezed the girl's elbow because she yanked her arm away from him.
I ask my friends for advice because i know i am right.
The boy stepped in the mud because mud splashed on his face.
A few inches of snow fell in this town because people are hiding underground.
The employee's shift ends because he threatened to resign.
The tree damaged the house because the tree was covered with shade in the backyard.
The wood was split in half because i swung my axe into the wood.
The family congratulated the couple because the couple announced that they were going to have a baby.
The girl gave the boy a Valentine's Day gift because she kissed him.
I nodded to my friend's statement because i agree with him.
Friends toss a coin because they want to make a fair decision.
The kitchen timer went out because the man took the pizza out of the oven.
This woman has set an ambitious goal because she works very hard.
The rich man died of old age because his son inherited his property.
The woman stepped on the flame because smoke emerged from the flames.
The woman's car is in the shop because she had a car accident.
I slept with the alarm clock because i missed breakfast.
Public figures came out of the limousine because his family attended the press conference.
The woman stayed in the bathtub because the bath water came out of the bathtub.
This college student wants to meet other students on campus because he majored in engineering.
I lifted the sofa cushion because i am rearranging the living room.
The wasp flew to the boy because the boy picked a flower.
The woman was convicted of a misdemeanor because she was held on death row.
I stir the sugar into the hot tea because the sugar has dissolved.
The veteran walked with a limp because he was injured in the battle.
The criminal escaped from the police because the police chased the criminal.
The laptop cannot be turned on because i charged it.
There is no room in the woman's wardrobe because she folded up the washed clothes.
The man was very sad because his wife left him.
The man got his degree because his job offer was cancelled.
The man's voice was clearly visible in the auditorium because he spoke on the microphone.
I threw a coin into the fountain because the coin broke in half.
The player hit the ball to the hole because the ball returned to the player.
I breathe in the dust in the attic because i sneeze.
The store cashier called the security guard because the customer did not turn off the headlights.
I take out the garbage because i accidentally threw away my shopping list.
The family went to the zoo because children chase animals.
The man's breathing was loud because his lungs are congested.
I have a ticket for the concert because i asked my friend if he was interested in going.
The air conditioner in the house is broken because i opened the window.
The boy's back pain because his backpack is very heavy.
I bought a gift for my mother because it was her birthday.
The daffodils in the garden were destroyed because the squirrel dug up its roots.
I lighted a match because the match produced a flame.
The disputed parties reached a settlement because they want to repair their personal relationship.
The children were sent to an orphanage because their parents spoiled them.
A meteorite fell into the sea because hail began to fall.
The hiker encountered a poisonous snake because she panicked.
The oven is getting hot because i put the plate in the oven.
I squeezed the lemon wedges because the lemon spouts.
New land has been discovered in this country because this country has colonized this land.
The glass fell off the table because it fell on a pile of clothes.
The table is shaking because the floor is slippery.
The father found out that his son was lying because the father trusts his son.
The man's head quivered with pain because he took aspirin.
The train slowed down because it is behind schedule.
The man received treatment because he was diagnosed with depression.
The woman grabbed her throat because she was choked with food.
The woman has a sore throat because she speaks with an accent.
The dog looks at the juicy steak on the table because it lay down.
This woman's business has succeeded because she became rich.
The students left the classroom because the teacher assigned the homework.
The woman claimed that she saw a ghost because her acquaintances understand her.
The man lost his hearing because he almost died in the explosion.
The child let go of the balloon string because the balloon rose into the air.
The man lost the ability to speak because he took a deep breath.
The woman tripped on the sidewalk because she heard her name being called.
The man jumped into the pool in a cannon style because the man soaked the lifeguard.
I took antibiotics because my infection has spread.
The traffic light turned yellow because the driver blew his horn.
The plastic container melted because i put the container on the hot stove.
The car is sunken because the driver ran through the red light.
The boy studied all night because he passed the exam.
The little boy clung to the edge of the pool because the lifeguard is on duty.
I put my hand on my chest because my heart rate has increased.
The building next to my office is under construction because my office is very noisy.
The family wants to get to know their new neighbor because the family waved to the neighbors from the yard.
Water splashed from the pool because the swimmer floats in the swimming pool.
I bit a slice of watermelon because i accidentally broke my tooth.
The boy was tripped because his shoelaces were untied.
The woman inserted earplugs because her ears were pierced.
I refilled the water bottle because i put it in the refrigerator.
This TV show is under censorship because it has a complicated plot.
The ship wrecked because the crew met pirates.
The boy was stumped by the riddle because he asked for a reminder.
The phone rang because the man picked up the phone.
The woman stared at me because i feel uncomfortable.
The group left the museum because they saw all the exhibits.
The man quarreled with me because my friends support me.
The tires on my bicycle are flat because i changed the gear on the bike.
The girl was pale because her father felt her forehead.
The pen has run out of ink because i signed it.
The man was refused a loan because he started to do business.
The girl stays at home after school because she likes to learn mathematics.
The garbage bag is full because i threw it in the sink.
I vacuumed the carpet because my dog bis shed hair.
The man lost his temper because he threw a chair across the room.
The girl threw a branch into the campfire because the fire went out.
The man came out of the shower because he could not find the towel.
Parents want their children to go to college because they encourage their children to play outside.
The man untied his shoes because the shoes are worn out.
The man ate half of the main dish because he saved the recipe.
My ankle is swollen because i wiped the lotion.
My office door is open because i overheard the conversation in the hall.
I have to wait in line because i browsed a magazine.
The man hit the fly hard because the fly stood still.
The man wrote a will because he is a widow.
The runner felt his rival approaching because he quickened his pace.
I considered this question carefully because i came up with a solution.
The traveler walked on the crumbling suspension bridge because he was ecstatic.
The man expected the team to win because he bet with his friends.
The boy can't sleep because he counted the sheep.
