The item was wrapped with bubble wrap because it was small.
I poured my posh because i found a gun.
Ants invaded the house because the ants have eaten away at the house.
Travelers arrived at the border because the border agent accused them of smuggling.
The office was closed because it's summer.
The woman had lost her energy because he skipped code.
The wife lost her place in the line because he came out of the line.
The woman pinched her nose because the baby was saved her diaper.
The band played their hit songs because the public remained silent.
The woman wanted to thank her math teacher because the woman brought an apple to her teacher.
The young campers felt scared because mashmalo was roasted over the campfire.
The gentleman hit himself because it took a shock.
The check I made was redeemed because i got a salary increase.
His email box was full of spam because he sent everyone a mass email.
The sailor was placed in quarantine because he was cured of the disease.
The woman learned the code by heart because he forgot to write it.
I poured the water into the glass because the glass became full.
He remained silent when his friend had finished speaking because he was reflecting on what his friends had said.
The accident was my fault because i complained.
The shenn fell to pieces because there was a broken link in the shenn.
The couple decided to find a compromise because they avoided discussing the issue.
The wife decided to present herself for the election because he testified in court.
The gentleman predicted cold on his journey because he was traveling with a large suitcase.
Eidyan answered the question because he skipped class.
The man's eyes filled with tears because he put glasses in his eyes.
The player won five games in a row because his opponent felt bad for him.
The mistress shire the student's exam because the student's response was incorrect.
I paused to stop talking because i lost my breath.
The frozen food was thawed because i covered it with plastic film.
The employee looked sick because he wanted to take a holiday.
The woman landed in the pool because he jumped on the plunge.
All tickets for the film have been sold out because the film received poor reviews.
The gentleman was thin because people complimented him.
But the woman had blisters because he climbed a rope.
The Cycle Artist juggled while cycling because the acrobat was swinging on the trapeze.
I lost my patience because my friend arrived on time.
The warring countries wanted peace because a treaty was negotiated.
He took a nap because he had a fever.
The wife hit the sofa because he took a bruise in his knee.
The boy was holding the balloon because the balloon flew.
Travelers have registered for the hotel room because they went to the airport.
I took a piece of the peach because ju came out of it.
But I got stuck because i had sweet teeth.
I pushed open the door because the door closes.
Activists boycott their products because products were manufactured with child labor.
I drilled a hole in the wall because the dust came out of the hole.
The wife was jealous of her sister because her sister was divorced.
I spilled wine on my shirt because i changed my shirt.
The cashier opened the crate because the client gave him the money.
Street musicians attracted a crowd because he sent the crowd away.
The boy began to cry with the bonnet because it was time to eat.
The radar pilot detected a storm because the pilot drove in the storm.
The tree has lost its leaves because the leaves were picked up.
The boy felt a bit clever because she decided to make a joke about her sister.
The child was moaning he needed to go to the bathroom because his father stopped the car at a gas station.
The child put fish food in the tank because the fish swam to the food glass.
His wife's political mind changed because he was engaged in a protest.
The sink was clogged because i release bleach.
The passengers got off the train because the train rang its whistle.
The gentleman hurried over the flap of the envelope because he glued the envelope shut.
Friends lost contact because they moved to other cities.
Accountants have mismanaged their company finances because she went on maternity leave.
I watched the pendulum because i wanted to verify the air.
But I was surprised because my wife holds hands with me.
They tightened because i kept the key.
The couple signed a contract for an apartment because the site condemned the apartment.
The woman sat on the porch because he believed he saw lightning.
The gentleman wore a softaj vest because the water was not deep.
The woman made a mistake in typing because le hit the touch to the back.
The woman made interesting in front of her friend because he won a competition.
The lawn was full of mud because it was full of weeds.
The wife slept too much because he forgot his clock.
The gentleman wore sunscreen because she went to the beach.
Seek to have proven the theory because certain individuals have accepted the theory.
Fans of the match cried boo because the referee made a bad appeal.
I put the combination in the seru because the lock was opened.
The crowd grew because father takes his son's hand.
The snow was blocking the aisle because i got rid of the snow.
The kayakers rowed with their rams because the kayak hit a wave.
The woman lost control of her bicycle because he hit a fence.
I turned on the fan because i felt a cool breeze pass over me.
The sofas were back on the beach because they saw a shark.
I fired caps into the bathtub because the water was gushing to the ground.
The husband felt guilty for cheating on his wife because he confessed his deception.
Ink on the poster was smeared because i spilled water on the poster.
The child woke up screaming because he urinated in bed.
The boy put his foot on the table because his father rebuked him.
My friend turned his head in my direction because i signaled it with my arms.
Government has oppressed its citizens because citizens recorded their votes.
The boy was lost in the woods because he called for help.
The wife traveled abroad because he wanted to learn more about other cultures.
The gentleman was jealous of his colleague because his colleague stayed to work late.
He saw aliens because he was meditating.
The man's hair turned yellow because she put on shampoo.
The artist realized a new painting because he felt a brief inspiration.
The son left the house because he was going to college.
The books were sort of falling from the library because an earthquake shook the library.
The electricity in my house was shut down because i reconnected the circuit breaker.
We rode the roller coaster because it seemed fun.
The popcorn bag started to pop because i heated it in the microwave.
A tree fell on the power line because the weather forecast predicted strong winds.
Speakers said two things that were politically insensitive because he resented the assembly.
I poked myself with a pin because a drop of blood formed on my fingers.
The fish floated on the surface of the tank because he died.
The gentleman's voice sounded hoarse because he was arrested for smoking.
The elevator doors opened because the elevator was trapped between two floors.
The teen came out of the house quietly because her parents punished her.
The bathroom was flooded because the chofdlo was broken.
The puppy lived next to his master because the owner kept the puppy on a leash.
The gentleman saw his reflection because he stood over the quiet lake.
I missed my girlfriend's call because i met her for dinner.
The family searched the neighborhood because there was very expensive jewelry that disappeared from the house.
I saw my breath as I breathed because my chest felt tight.
Employees formed a union because the employer increased their salaries.
I made an apple pie because a good aroma filled the kitchen.
The woman struggled to walk because he took off his shoes.
Steam came out of the water bomb because i covered the bomb.
All my socks were worn o dirty because i wore boots.
The politician's argument was considered ridiculous because he was accused of corruption.
Everyone disapproved of the couple's engagement because the couple escaped.
The ship was dedicated to the millionaire because millionaires donated money to build it.
The seller accused the woman of theft because the seller helped the girl find what she liked.
The country declared war on the neighboring territory because the soldiers were reunited with their families.
The court upheld the controversial judgment because one couple exchanged vows in front of the court.
The woman smelled something burning because he left the cookies in the oven.
It was raining because i ran inside.
The building was evacuated because the fire alarm sounded.
The father was not happy about his son's alcoholism because the father brought his son out of the house.
The lawyer took the stairs to climb into his office because the elevator collapsed.
The gentleman became annoyed with his friends because her friend bought her lunch.
The woman gave the cashier her money because the cashier forgot to give the woman the receipt.
The wife was put in a wheelchair because he was hospitalized on a stretcher.
Citizens hoisted the national flag in front of their homes because the country was facing economic difficulties.
The team lost the tournament because they inspired the fans.
My friend told me I had something in my teeth because i felt proud.
The boy failed his story exam because he forgot to study.
The downtown building collapsed because the crime rate has increased.
The man's girlfriend ended up with him because she introduced it to her parents.
The two children reached out to retrieve the balloon at the same time because their heads collided.
The summer raccoon ravaged the trash because the trash was missing lids.
The boy sharpened his pencil because he was depraved.
The cashier refused the wife a refund for the dress because the dress was not gone.
Egratinu on my skin was profound because he left a cry.
He received two other passengers on the train because he was talking to himself.
The child left bread crumbs on the floor because the child got rid of the peace.
The wife gave her sister a paper towel because the wife's sister began to cry.
The gentleman took a mint because he was afraid of bad breath.
The couple came out early for the performance because they headed to the theater.
The woman stayed at home and did not go to work because his colleague covered for him.
The gentleman signed the activists' petition because he denounced them as crazy.
The actor's heart was beating before his performance because he learned his line by heart.
I was lost because i displayed the map.
The ripe fruit remained on the tree because it became dry.
The car crashed because the engine overheated.
The man hurt his back because he stayed in bed for several days.
I set fire to the fireplace because it was cold in the house.
The woman arrested her jogging because he found a second breath.
I knocked on my neighbor's door because my neighbor came out of his house.
The wife sighed in disappointment because her husband hugged her goodbye.
The professor complimented the student because the student was reluctant to answer the question.
The wife ended up with the eggs because he went to the supermarket.
I'm meeting an old friend because i hung it.
The wife avoided going to the lake because it seemed contaminated.
Students arrived in the class completely wet because his bike was stolen.
Arrows on the computer moved because users moved the smile.
The driver made other roads because he followed the truck in front of him.
I put the wet linen out on the dress line because the linen became tashe.
The woman is wearing sunglasses because he called a taxi.
The man stared at the night sky because she found it beautiful.
I felt very tired because i also stayed up all night.
The man went to the barber's house because her hair was getting long.
The boy also played bad on his new classmate because the boy did not like his new classmate.
I had one craving for a glass of milk because i was baking bread.
It started to rain because the driver put the car on its back.
The building parking lot was empty because i parked next to the entrance.
The writer missed the deadline for the first draft because he passed his hand over the draft.
The associate hung up on me because i gave my identity number.
Wind blew through the open window because the curtains shook.
My home electricity was turned off because i was burning a fuse.
The guy who got up was growling because he raised the iron above his head.
Student tried to do the calculation by himself because it got blurry.
The baby fell asleep because the father cradled the baby gently.
The woman threw the water balloon at the boy because the boy was completely wet.
The photographer forgot to put the flash in the Kodak because everyone in the pictures refused to smile.
I declined invitations to the party because i was not a city.
I exercised because i was scared.
I was twisting the wet sponge because the water came out.
Vacationers took a ferry to get to the vacation station because the vacation station was on an island.
The teenager got a tattoo because he wanted to rebel.
A car I was not used to seeing became parked in front of the house because i called the police.
The criminal surrendered to police because there was no evidence against him.
The big man decided to lose weight because he avoided caffeine.
The woman walked on the veggie because he trembled.
The woman had a look on her face because she put her son to sleep.
Larvae flowed from the volcano because the volcano was dormant.
The woman put on her shoes because he wanted to leave the party.
I paid the toll assistant because he firmly waited in the quiet.
The executive went bankrupt because he wasted his wealth.
The man went to the doctor because the gentleman felt bad.
I exited my room by the window because the house was empty.
The boy's fingers became wrinkled because he soaped his hands with soap.
I crushed the letter because my mouth was dry.
I missed the bus because i was late for work.
The truck collided with the car because the car broke down.
The team tied the contest to their advantage because they were abandoned.
The bottle of cola was whistling because i unscrewed the cap.
The boy was locked outside because he climbed up to the roof.
The doorbell rang because the woman was standing in the doorway.
The gentleman tashe his suit because she put it crocheted in the wardrobe.
The woman weighed the toothpaste tube because the woman crushed the toothpaste.
Civilian deaths in the war increased because the pacifists held a parade.
The woman pulled ribbons from her hair because the ribbon made baby.
The man underwent plastic surgery because he was getting younger.
A small hen came out of the egg because i broke the egg.
Prisoners were starving because he escaped.
He lost his balance on the ladder because he sort of fell off the ladder.
The child gasped because he opened the cola duckling.
A cold stream passed through the window because i was shaking.
Students received a scholarship to go to college because he had good grades.
The woman teased the boy because he loved it.
The hungry vagabond stole the food because he had no money.
I called my friend to chat because i felt lonely.
The gentleman reached out and handed it to me because i gave her a slap.
I bowed my head because the frisbee flew over my head.
The woman ate her nails because he was surprised.
I turned the page on the calendar because it was the beginning of a new month.
The husband discovered that his wife was cheating on him because she filed for divorce.
The woman released the rubber ball because the ball shone.
The woman made a mistake in her examination because he deleted his answer.
The player attacked his opponent because his opponent fell to the ground.
He picked the tomatoes on the tomato plants because i watered them.
He wanted to be a bit romantic because he bought his girlfriend chocolate.
Mercury in the thermometer went up because the weather was warmer.
A tornado passed through the city because the highway became dangerous and vigilant.
The student received tutoring because he cheated on the exam.
I felt uncomfortable because i wrapped myself in a blanket.
I polished the stone because he became brilliant.
I added sugar to the coffee because the coffee had a sweet taste.
He shuffled the papers because he tore the papers.
I hit the nail with the hammer because the nail was rusty.
The fish bit the line because the fisherman relaunched the line.
The teen was embarrassed to go to school because he removed the device.
The expression on my face was overjoyed because i lost my patience.
I wiped even with a towel because my hands were wet.
The gentleman lost his balance on the stool because he poured the paint on the stool.
The comrades blamed each other because coach canceled the training.
I apologized because i achieved my goal.
His wife became bored with the person he had arranged because he talked about it constantly.
The woman gave a big smile because her beauty hole appeared.
The enemy ship exploded because he entered the port.
The gentleman broke his foot because he walked on a bottle piece.
Detectives took their fingerprints on the links because the gun was found on the links.
There were many traffic jams on the highway because i asked for a ride.
The nation's economy was down because many people found unemployment.
The traffic officer whistled to the children because he recognized them from his neighborhood.
I rolled my eyes at my friend because he said something ironic.
The car ended up with the gas because the driver re-provides a hitchhiker ride.
The woman began to give birth because the wife had a pregnancy disorder.
The man's hat flew away because there was wind outside.
The woman went to her fellow party because he brought a gift.
The boy's forehead felt warm because his mother took him to the park.
The gentleman sprayed himself with cologne because she put gel in her hair.
Electricity in the house was shut down because i took a shovel.
The family moved to another home because mother made twins.
The marathon runner kept a pace not too fast because he saw the finish line.
The boy gave the car sold at a glance because the chips package was trapped.
Shen my friend died because i hung it.
The Business Credit Card was not accepted because he was paid with cash.
He was insulted because he hit his toe.
He was proud of his brother because brother le was accepted into law school.
The woman wanted to learn more about the solar system because he looked at the stars.
The poster was pasted on the wall because i put tape behind the poster.
The client approved the architect's plan for the building because the architect adapted the plans.
He dropped his spoon because he licked the spoon.
The company's CEO resigned because the board of directors has found a replacement.
I arrived late at the conference because i came close to the podium.
He was released from prison because he attacked a prisoner like him.
The family lost all personal belongings because the houses caught fire.
I broke Cola's box because the box broke completely.
The woman was enrolled in the debate team because he learned how to communicate.
I felt better because i washed the dishes.
The association undertook to procure funds because a sale was organized.
The roller coaster plunged under the steep slope because the passengers shouted.
I was completely upset because i knocked on the door as i was leaving the house.
He wanted to watch the sun rise because he stopped early.
I folded the paper because the paper took a fold.
The nation suffered a natural disaster because foreign leaders sent emergency boxes.
Boy's clothes got wet because he fell into the pool.
The student jumped to finish the book because he borrowed it from a friend.
The criminal was executed because they were convicted of murder.
Sunlight entered the room because i unlocked the door.
I shot the scammer's hair because he became bald.
The editor re-wrote a sentence from the manuscript because he found the sentence unclear.
The wife canceled her credit card account because he realized the card had expired.
The husband and wife fell in love because they got married.
The music was too low for us to hear because i composed my own song.
The boy's hair stood still because the woman shot her.
The insect crashed because i put my foot on the insect.
I opened my eyes because i was comfortable.
My neighbors' music was ringing loudly because i asked him to lend his yield.
The man's family lived in misery because he earned below the minimum wage.
The student finished university because he started a hobby.
The artist mixed yellow paint into blue paint because the paint turned green.
I changed the theme of the conversation because the conversation became nervous.
My brother was released from the hospital because i was cold with it.
Curtains on the stage rose because actors in the play left the stage.
The hostage did what the kidnappers asked because the kidnapper left the hostage alone.
A boom crossed the platform because the musician hit the drum.
The parents ran to their children's room because the child was afraid to look on his bed.
The wife communicated with sign language because he was born deaf.
There was a drought in the region because the harvest perished.
The cat ran after the bird because the bird caught a worm.
The woman changed schools because he moved to another city.
The factory boss refused to raise staff salaries because employees went on strike.
The leader angered the extremists in his country because the extremists killed him.
I walked barefoot on the beach because waves came crashing on the beach.
I woke up cold in the night because i drank a glass of water.
The mother appeased her son because her son cried.
A hole was torn in my jinn because i tripped on the sidewalk.
The boy put the device in his mouth because his teeth became straight.
I trained in the gym yesterday because i woke up this morning with a sore throat.
The women whispered to each other as they sat down because other students felt excluded.
The child landed on the springboard because he decided to try to make a goat jump.
I dropped the letter in the mailbox because the post office sent the letter.
The gambler had confidence because he returned home without money.
The forest fire spread because the arsonists were arrested.
The child shredded his knee because his mother put a bandage on the wound.
The man escaped the deadly disease because he received an organ transplant.
I took a sip of the hot coffee because i burned my tongue.
The editor fired the writer because the writer missed an important deadline.
I felt very tired because i studied all day.
The doctor diagnosed the patient because he prescribed pills for the patient.
I scratched my skin because it scratched me.
The man underwent emergency surgery because he had a heart attack.
The muscle of his arm was bulging because he rubbed his arms.
The man raised his eyebrows because she felt helpless.
I apologized to my colleague's blunder because i thought it made better sense.
The man was arrested for smoking because he started getting up earlier.
The wife gave her assailant a nose punch because the aggressor began to bleed.
The arrow missed the target because the man was losing his game.
The owner asked an exterminator to come home because he kept an ant in his room.
I suggested my guests go out to dinner because my guests stayed too long.
The woman surprised her brother who was reading her diary because he took a new diary.
The wife did not have enough money to pay the rent because he resigned.
The child removed his hand quickly because she stroked the little doggie's head.
The company wanted to assess customer satisfaction because a survey was distributed to customers.
The wooden floor became scribbled because the boy pulled a chair to the floor.
I protected my face because my enemy showed me his arm.
The celebrity was burned because people came to worship him.
I left the fruits on the table because flies invade the fruits.
The ballerina tore a ligament because it was all her ankles.
The child's laces were defeated because he ran into the yard.
I was fascinated by the book because i forgot the air.
The man had the same beliefs as his parents because her parents denied it.
The car came to rest slowly because the driver fell asleep.
The gentleman drank the cream in the sun because the cream flowed into the cone.
I hung boards in the room because the walls seemed empty.
I left my job early because my boss was holding a meeting.
The little doggie saved the carpet because the master gave her a candy.
I apologized to my friend because friends were completely upset.
The gentleman made himself noticed in the crowd because she was wearing a luminous vest.
The witness lied under oath because he was accused of perjury.
The woman dyed her hair because he wanted to assimilate.
Migrants were taken to live undocumented in the country because they were deported.
Speaker gave a joke because the audience stood up.
I watched the sun because the sun tanned my skin.
I felt bored because i yawned.
The steak was hard to cut because the steak was raw.
The wife declared bankruptcy because he acquired a lot of debt.
The light in my friend's apartment was on because i decided to go see her.
I put the flower on my nose because i smell the flower.
The wife felt nostalgic because she cried over her children.
The student was textured on the paper because he handed the paper unfinished.
My car took off because i called a mechanic.
I threw away the note because it seemed magical.
The bird fluttered its wings because he climbed upstairs.
I was parked in the aisle because the garage was full.
The criminal aimed the revolver at his victim because the victim was smitten.
I was looking forward to the weekend because i planned to attend my friend’s wedding.
I forgot the air because i felt decomposed.
Documents came out blurring in the press because the press was missing paper.
The stadium played the national anthem because fans invaded the field.
The sauce tasted fad because i put salt in it.
I put the paper towel on what fell because the fall left a sticky residue.
The woman was interrupted in the middle of what she was reading because it was the book again.
The plane was joined by tornadoes because the gentleman looked out the window.
The boy flexed because the woman digested it.
Doctors gave the patient a prosthetic device because they controlled the signs of his life.
The boy pinched the girl's elbow because he quickly retracted his arms.
I asked my friends for advice because i was sure i was right.
The boy walked in mud because the mud hit her in the face.
The city took several inches of snow because people were hiding.
Staff turnover ended because he threatened to leave the job.
The tree damaged the house because the tree gave shade to the yard.
The wood was broken in two because i gave the stick one short cheek.
The family congratulated the couple because the couple announced that they were having a baby.
The woman sent the boy a St. Valentine card because he hugged her.
I shook my head at my friend's statement because i agreed with him.
Friends are shooting at your deck face because they wanted to make a fair decision.
The timer in the kitchen rang because the gentleman took the pizza out of the oven.
The wife set an ambitious goal because he worked hard.
The rich man died old because his son inherited his fortune.
The woman set foot on the flame of the fire because smoke rose from the flames of the fire.
The wife's car was in the store because he was in a car accident.
I slept too much because i missed the breakfast.
The character exited the limousine because his family attended the press conference.
The woman was dragged into the water bath because the bath water came out of the bathtub.
The student wanted to meet other students on campus because he specialized in engineering.
I got up to sit on the couch because i was placing orders in the living room.
The wasp flew towards the boy because the boy picked a flower.
The wife was found guilty of a misdemeanor because he was sentenced to death.
I stirred the sugar in the hot tea because the sugar melted.
The veteran walked limp because he was wounded in the battle.
The criminal fled to the police because the police chased the criminal.
The computer did not want to turn on because i loaded it.
The woman no longer had a place in her wardrobe because she folded her laundry.
He was heartbroken because his wife left him.
He succeeded in graduating because of for the work was canceled.
The gentleman's voice sounded loud and clear in the audience because he spoke into the microphone.
I sent a coin to the water fountain because the coin was broken in two.
The player hit the bullet through the hole because the bullet backed the player's glass.
I breathed dust into the attic because i was sneezing.
The cashier called security because the customer left the headlight on.
I put the trash out because i threw lists for supplies by megad.
The family went to the zoo because the children chased the animals.
The man's breathing was loud because her lungs were cohesive.
I had an extra ticket for the concert because i asked my friend if he wanted to go.
The air conditioner in the house was broken because i opened the windows.
The boy's back hurt because his backpack was heavy.
I bought my mother a present because it was born.
Daffodils in the garden were destroyed because the squirrels dug the bulbs.
I lit the match because the match made a flame.
The discussants managed to reach an agreement because they wanted to repair their relationship.
The children were sent to an orphanage because their parents spoiled them.
A meteorite landed in the sea because ice started.
The traveler was met with a bad snake because he lost his temper.
The oven became hot because i put the dish in the oven.
I squeezed the lemon because the lemon was squeezing juice.
The country has discovered a new land because the country colonized the land.
The glass had sort of fallen on the table because he fell into a pile of laundry.
The table was chemistry because the floor slipped.
The father found his son lying because the father had confidence in his son.
The man's head ached with pain because he took aspirin.
The train went slower because it was late.
The gentleman underwent therapy because she was diagnosed with depression.
The woman held her throat because she choked on her food.
The woman had a sore throat because he spoke with an accent.
The dog looked at beautiful steak on the table because he lay down.
The wife's business was successful because he became rich.
The students left the class because mistress was given homework.
The wife stated she saw a ghost because his acquaintance understood it.
He lost his sense of hearing because he was killed in an explosion.
The son loosened the balloon string because the balloon soared into the sky.
The man lost his ability to speak because he took a deep breath.
The woman tripped on the sidewalk because he heard someone calling his name.
The gentleman made a fantastic dive into the pool because the man wet the overseer completely.
I took antibiotics because my infection has spread.
The traffic light turned yellow because the driver honked.
The plastic container melted because i put the container in a hot oven.
The car took a bump because the driver did not handle the red light.
The boy studied all night because he failed the test.
The boy was kept by the pool because the overseer had two services.
I put my hand on my chest because my heartbeat got faster.
They were building a building next to my office because my office was very noisy.
The family wanted to meet new neighbors because the family sent their hands to the neighbors in the yard.
The water was gushing from the pool because the swimmer floated in the pool.
I bit into a piece of lemon because i broke my teeth by accident.
The boy stumbled because his laser was defeated.
The woman put a cap on his ear because he pierced her ears.
I filled my water bottle because i kept it in the fridge.
The TV show was censored because it has a complicated story.
The ship broke down because the team was caught with pirates.
The boy felt confused with the account because he asked a tip.
The phone rang because the gentleman answered the phone.
The wife was watching me because i felt uncomfortable.
The group left the museum because they watched all the exhibits.
The gentleman started an account with me because my friend made mine.
My bike tire was flat because i changed the speed of the bike.
The woman looked pale because his father touched his forehead.
The pen was empty because i signed man.
The man was denied the money because he started a business.
The woman stayed home and did not go to school because she loved learning dull.
The trash bag is full because i threw it in the sink.
I passed the vacuum cleaner on the carpet because shen i let her hair fall.
The gentleman lost his temper because he fluttered the chair in the room.
The woman threw a small branch into the campfire because the fire was extinguished.
The gentleman came out of the shower because she couldn't find a towel.
Parents wanted their children to go to college because children were encouraged to play outside.
The gentleman defeated the laces of his shoes because the shoes became worn.
He ate half of the entrance because he kept the recipe.
My ankles were swollen because i rubbed lotion on it.
My office door opened because i overheard conversations in the hallway.
I had to wait in line because i looked at a magazine.
The gentleman beat a fly because the fly stayed slow.
The gentleman wrote a will because she was a widow.
The runner felt competitors would win over him because it goes faster.
I thought about it because i found a solution.
The passenger walked over the suspension bridge because she felt overwhelmed.
The gentleman knew the team would win because he made a bet to his friend.
The boy could not sleep because he counted the sheep.
