The item has been packed in bubble wrap because it's small.
I rummaged through my pocket because i found a weapon.
Termites are full of houses because termites eat wood in the house.
The tourists have reached the border because patrol officers accused them of smuggling.
The office is closed because it's summer.
The girl was out of energy because she jumps the rope.
The woman lost her place in line because she stepped out of line.
The girl pinched her nose because the baby dirty his diaper.
The band played their hit song because the audience listened politely in silence.
The girl wants to thank her math teacher because the girl brings the teacher an apple.
The young inmates felt scared because they roasted marshmallows over a campfire.
The man pounded his head because he was shaken.
Check I write bounces because i got a raise.
His inbox is full of spam because he sent a mass email.
The sailor has been quarantined because he was cured.
The girl memorized the code because she forgot to write it down.
I poured water into the glass because the glass becomes full.
The man remained silent when his friend finished speaking because he's thinking about his friend's words.
The accident was my fault because i sue.
The chain was broken because there is a broken link in the wire.
The couple decided to compromise because they avoid discussing this issue.
The woman decided to run for public servant because she testified in court.
The man predicts cold weather during his trip because he travels with a large suitcase.
Students know the answer to the question because that is lazy.
The man teared up because he wears glasses over his eyes.
The player has won five consecutive games because her opponent feels sorry for her.
The teacher tore the student's test because the student's answer was not correct.
I stopped talking because i'm out of breath.
Thaw frozen foods because i wrapped it with plastic wrap.
Staff fake sick because he wants a day off.
The girl fell into the swimming pool because she jumped off the diving board.
Movie tickets are sold out because the film received poor reviews.
The man loses weight because everyone complimented him.
The girl's hand became blistering because she climbed on a rope.
Circus performers juggle while riding a unicycle because the acrobat swung from a trap.
I'm impatient because my friend arrived on time.
The warring countries want peace because they negotiated a pact.
The man takes sleeping pills because he has a fever.
The woman bumped into the sofa because she bruised her knees.
The boy squeezed balloons because the balloons flew away.
Guests have checked in hotel because they went to the airport.
I bite into a peach because juice spilled out.
My hands become sticky because i love to eat sweet.
I pushed the door open because the door is locked.
The activists boycott the products because products produced through child labor.
I drilled a hole in the wall because dust flew out of the hole.
The woman was jealous of her sister because her sister is divorced.
I spilled alcohol on my shirt because i changed my shirt.
The cashier opens the cash register because the customer gives her money.
Street musicians attract a crowd because you see the crowd off
The boy cried with the babysitter because it's snack time.
The pilot's radar detected a storm because the pilot flew through the storm.
Tree with falling leaves because leaves on the road.
The boy is in a mischievous mood because he decided to make fun of his sister.
The child complained that he had to go to the toilet because his father stopped the car at the gas station.
The child sprinkled fish food into the tank because the fish swims towards the food.
The woman's political opinion has changed because she participates in a protest.
The bathroom sink is clogged because i pour the softener into it.
The passengers got off the train because the train blew its horn.
The man pressed the moist side of the envelope because he closed the envelope.
Friends lose contact because they moved to different cities.
Accounting company fund mismanagement because she is on maternity leave.
I look at my watch because i want to check the timing.
My hand is cramped because my husband and i hold hands.
The latch tightens because i twisted the wrench.
The couple signed a contract to rent an apartment because city condemned the apartment.
Woman sitting on the porch because she thought she saw lightning.
The man is wearing a life jacket because shallow water.
Woman making a typo in word processor because she pressed the backspace key.
The girl brags to her friends because she won a contest.
The muddy grass because it's full of weeds.
The woman overslept because she forgot to set the alarm clock.
The man is wearing sunscreen because he went to the beach.
Researchers have proven the theory because people accept the theory.
The fans booed because the referee made the wrong decision.
I enter a sequence of codes into the lock because the lock is on.
Crowds grow because the father took his son's hand.
Snow blocked the drive because i shovel the snow out of the way.
Kayaks paddle their paddles because the kayak meets a wave.
The girl lost control of her bike because she crashed into a fence.
I turned on the fan because cool air passed over me.
The surfers return to the beach because they saw a shark.
I unplug the tub because water splashed on the floor.
A husband feels guilty for cheating on his wife because he confessed adultery with her.
Ink on the poster is smudged because i spilled water on the poster.
The child woke up screaming because it wet the bed.
The boy put his feet up on the table because his father instructed him.
My friend turned his head towards me because i waved.
The government suppresses its citizens because the citizens register to vote.
The boy was lost in the forest because he screamed for help.
Woman traveling abroad because she wants to learn about other cultures.
The man is jealous of his colleague because his co-workers stayed late.
The man sees the alien because he is meditating.
The man's hair turns blond because he put shampoo on it.
New artists have created because she felt an inspiration.
The son moved out of the house because he goes to college.
Books fall out of bookcases because an earthquake rocked the bookcase.
The electricity in my house is off because i reinstalled the circuit breaker.
We ride roller coaster because it looks very happy.
The popcorn bag began to swell because i reheat it in the microwave.
A tree fell on the power line because strong wind forecast.
Speaker commented incorrectly because he insulted the audience.
I inject myself with a needle because a drop of blood formed on my finger.
The fish floats on the surface of the tank because it is dead.
The man's voice was husky because he quit smoking.
The elevator door opened because the elevator was stuck between floors.
The boy sneaked out of the house because his parents locked his uncle.
The bathroom was flooded because the water heater is broken.
The puppy is near its owner because the owner chained the puppy.
The man caught his reflection because he stood on the lake still.
I missed my girlfriend's call because i met her for dinner.
Family search throughout the neighborhood because expensive jewelry was lost from the house.
I see my breath as I exhale because my chest feels tight.
Employees form a union because they get a raise.
I bake an apple pie because a warm fragrance filled the kitchen.
The woman was struggling to walk because she took off her shoes.
Steam rises from the pot of water because i covered the pot.
All my socks are in the washing machine because i wear boots.
Politicians' arguments are considered absurd because he was charged with corruption.
Everyone does not support the engaged couple because the couple fled.
The building honors the millionaire because the millionaire contributed funds to build it.
The salesman accused the girl of stealing because the shop assistant helped the girl find the wallet she liked.
The country declares war on neighboring territories because the soldiers are reunited with their families.
The court upheld the controversial ruling because a couple exchanged oaths in court.
The girl smelled something burning because she forgot the cookies in the oven.
Rain has poured down because i rushed inside.
The building has been evacuated because the fire alarm rang.
The father is upset that his son is addicted to alcohol because the father kicked his son out of the house.
The lawyer went upstairs to her office because the elevator is not working.
The man becomes annoyed with his friend because my friend bought him lunch.
The girl gives the money to the cashier because the cashier forgot to give the girl a receipt.
The woman was put in a wheelchair because she went to the hospital on a stretcher.
Residents fly the national flag outside their homes because the country was facing economic hardship.
The team lost the tournament because they inspire their fans.
My friend pointed out that I have food stuck in my teeth because i feel proud.
The boy failed the history exam because he forgot to study.
The central building collapsed because the crime rate in the city increases.
His girlfriend broke up with him because she introduced him to her parents.
The two of them reached their hands together to get the ball because their heads collided.
The panda rummages through the trash because the lid fell out of the trash.
The boy sharpened the pencil because it's boring.
The cashier refused to reimburse the woman for the dress because the dress doesn't fit.
The scratch on my skin is deep because it leaves behind a scar.
The man received a strange look from the passengers on the train because i'm talking to myself.
The child left crumbs on the floor because the child dropped the bread.
The woman gives the tissue to her sister because her sister started to cry.
The man suck on mint because i'm worried about bad breath.
The couple went to see the show early because they have directions to the theater.
The woman at home because her co-workers do it for her.
The man signed the activists' petition because he denounced them crazy.
The actor's heart pounded before the performance because he memorized his lines.
I was lost because i open the map.
The ripe fruit swayed in the sun because it cowered.
The car is broken because the engine is too hot.
The man has back pain because he lay in bed for a few days.
I started to light a fire in the fireplace because it's cold indoors.
Woman stopped jogging because she has energy back.
I knock on the neighbor's door because my neighbor left her house.
The woman sighed in frustration because her husband kissed her goodbye.
The teacher commended the student because students hesitantly answer the question.
The woman is out of eggs because she goes to the supermarket.
I met an old friend because i hug him.
The woman avoids in the lake because it looks so polluted.
Students come to the wet class because his bike was stolen.
The cursor on the computer screen moves because the user has moved the mouse.
The driver took a detour because she followed the truck in front of her.
I hang the wet cloth on the outdoor drying line because stained fabric.
Woman wearing sunglasses because she ordered a taxi.
The man stared into the night sky because i think it's beautiful.
I feel exhausted because i stay up all night.
The man goes to the barbershop because his hair is getting longer and longer.
The boy bully new friends because you don't like your new friend.
I crave a glass of milk because i am baking bread.
It started to rain because the driver backs up.
The parking lot of the building is empty because i parked near the entrance.
The writer missed her deadline for the draft because she edited the draft.
The partner hung up because i have provided my identification number.
The wind blew through the window because the curtains flutter.
The electricity in my house is off because i am very angry.
The weightlifter gritted his teeth because he raised the bar overhead.
Students tried to do mental math because he was confused.
The baby fell asleep because the father gently kicked the baby.
The girl threw the water ball at the boy because the boy was soaked.
The photographer forgot to use the flash on the camera because everyone in the picture refused to smile.
I declined the invitation to the birthday party because i'm not at home.
I exercise because i was scared.
I squeeze the wet sponge because water seeped out.
The vacationers took a ferry to the resort because the resort is located on an island.
The teenager has a tattoo because she wanted to rebel.
A strange car is parked outside my house because i call the police.
The criminal confessed because there is no evidence against him.
Heavy man decides to lose weight because you avoid caffeine.
The girl stepped onto the ice because she shivered.
The woman has dark circles under the eyes because she put her son on the bed.
Lava flows from volcanoes because the volcano is not active.
The woman put on shoes because she wanted to leave the party.
I paid the toll collector because she detained me at the toll booth.
The CEO is bankrupt because he squandered his wealth.
The man went to the doctor because the man is sick.
I exit the bedroom through the window because the house is empty.
The boy's fingers became pinch because he washed his hands with soap.
I spit out the milk because my mouth is dry.
I missed the bus because i'm late for work.
Truck collided with car because the car was smashed.
The group organized the contest in favor of them because they give up.
The soda bottle hissed because i screwed the cap.
The boy was locked outside the house because he climbed onto the roof.
The doorbell rang because the woman looked through the keyhole in the door.
The man dyed his suit because he hung it in his closet.
The girl squeezed the toothpaste tube because girl spitting toothpaste.
Civil deaths from the war skyrocketed because the pacifists held a parade.
The girl yanked the ribbon out of her hair because childcare ribbons.
The man has plastic surgery because he looks younger.
A chicken emerged from the egg because i beat the eggs.
The prisoner starved to death because he runs away.
The man lost his balance on the ladder because he fell off the ladder.
The child burp because it opened the soda can.
A cold breeze passed through the window because i shiver.
Students receive scholarships to go to college because she got good grades.
The girl poked the boy's country because she has a crush on him.
The hungry beggar stole food because i have no money.
I call my friend to chat because i feel lonely.
The man reached out his hand to me because i slapped him.
I bent down because the plastic fork soared over my head.
The girl bit her nails because she was surprised.
I turned the calendar page because that was the beginning of a new month.
The husband found out that his wife was having an affair because he filed for divorce.
The girl dropped the rubber ball because glow ball.
The girl made a mistake in her test because she deleted her answer.
The player attacks his opponent because his opponent fell to the ground.
I picked tomatoes from their branches because i water them.
The man wants to act romantic because he bought chocolate for his girlfriend.
The mercury in the thermometer increases because the weather is getting warmer.
A tornado passed through town because highways become icy.
Students are tutored because you cheated on the exam
I feel comfortable because i wrap myself in the blanket.
I hit football because it becomes shiny.
I add sugar to the coffee because coffee has a sweet taste.
The man shuffles through the papers because he tore papers.
I hit the nail with a hammer because the nail becomes rusty.
The fish bites because the fisherman continued to fish.
Shame teenager to go to school because she took off the braces.
My face lit up because i'm impatient.
I wipe my hands with a towel because my hands are wet.
The man lost his balance on the stool because he poured paint on the stool.
Teammates blame each other because their coach has canceled the training session.
I forgive because i have achieved my goal.
The woman becomes bored with her appointment because he talked about himself constantly.
The girl smiled because her dimples were clearly visible.
The enemy ship exploded because it sails into the harbor.
The man pierced his leg because he stepped onto the broken glass.
Detectives dirty the crime scene to get fingerprints because they found the weapon at the crime scene.
Traffic jam on the highway because i ask for a ride.
The nation's economy is in decline because many people face unemployment.
The guard whistled the children because she recognized them from her neighborhood.
I rolled my eyes at my friend because he made a sarcastic remark.
The car is out of gas because driver for a hitchhiker.
The woman gives birth because woman suffering from morning sickness.
The man's hat was blown away because it's windy outside.
Girl attending a classmate's birthday party because she buys a gift.
The boy's forehead is hot because his mother took him to the park.
The man sprayed the perfume because he applied the gel to his hair.
Electricity is off in the house because i picked up a shovel.
The family moved to a bigger house because the mother just gave birth to twins.
Marathon runners keep a slow pace because she saw the finish line.
The boy kicked the vending machine because the bag of potato chips is stuck.
My friend's dog died because i hug him.
Entrepreneur's credit card declined because you pay in cash.
The man swore because he had a stamped toe.
The man feels proud of his brother because his brother was admitted to law school.
The girl wants to learn about the solar system because she looked at the stars.
Posters are glued to the wall because i put tape on the back of the poster.
The client has approved the architect's plan because the architect has adjusted the plans.
The man dropped the spoon because he licked the spoon.
The company's CEO has resigned because board of directors found someone to replace him.
I am late to the lecture hall because i approached the podium.
The man was released from prison because he attacked a fellow inmate.
The whole family lost all their belongings because their house was on fire.
I stepped on the aluminum can because the can is crushed.
The girl joined the debate group because she learned communication skills.
My mood improves because i wash dishes.
Charities have accomplished their goal of raising money because they held an auction.
The roller coaster rushes down the high slope because the passengers shouted.
I am angry because i slammed the door when i left the house.
The man wants to watch the sunrise because he got up early.
I folded the paper because wrinkled paper.
The country has just suffered from a natural disaster because leaders of other countries sent emergency relief.
The boy's clothes were soaked because he fell into the pool.
Students rush to complete the book because i borrowed it from a friend.
The criminal was executed because he was found guilty of murder.
The sun shines on the room because i unlocked the door.
I pulled the impostor's hair because she is bald.
Editors rewrite a sentence from the manuscript because he thought the sentence was not clear.
The woman canceled her credit card account because she realized the card had expired.
The man and the woman fell in love because they got married.
The music was too quiet to hear because i compose my own songs.
The boy's hair stood up because she jerked it.
The bug was crushed because i stepped on the bug.
I opened my eyes because i relax.
My neighbor played loud music because i asked to borrow the cd from him.
The man's family lives in poverty because he earns less than the minimum wage.
College graduates because he pursues a hobby.
The painter mixed yellow paint and blue paint because the paint turns green.
I changed the subject of the conversation because the conversation becomes strained.
My brother was discharged from the hospital because i ignore him.
The stage curtain was lifted because the actors in the play have left the stage.
The hostages surrendered to the kidnapper's request because the kidnapper has released himself.
A noise filled the stage because musician beat the drum.
Parents rushed to the child's bedroom because the child looked under the bed in fear.
Woman communicating using sign language because she was born deaf.
A drought hit the area because the crops were destroyed.
The cat chases after the bird because the bird caught the worm.
Transfer girl because she moved to a new town.
The factory owner refused to raise employees' salaries because the staff went on strike.
The leader went against extremists in his country because extremists assassinated him.
I walk barefoot on the beach because waves flapping along the coast.
I woke up in the middle of the night because I felt cold because i drink a glass of water.
The mother hugs her son because her son groaned.
A hole ripped through my jeans because i stumbled on the sidewalk.
The boy wears braces because his teeth became straight.
I exercised at the gym yesterday because today i woke up with a sore throat.
The girls whispered back and forth at the lunch table because the other students at the lunch table felt left out.
The child landed on the trampoline because it decided to try a flip.
I mail in the mailbox because the post office promoted the letter.
Gamblers are very confident because he went home empty pockets.
The wildfire spread because the instigators were arrested.
The child had slipped knee skin because his mother bandaged the wound.
The man survived a fatal disease because he received an organ transplant.
I take a sip of hot coffee because i burned my tongue.
Editor fired writer because writers missed an important deadline.
I feel exhausted because i study all day.
The doctor diagnoses the patient because she prescribes medicine to the patient.
I scratched my skin because it itches.
The man had undergone emergency surgery because i have a heart attack.
The man's arm muscles bulged because he rubs his hand.
The man raised an eyebrow because i feel discouraged.
I apologize for my colleague's absurdity because i think he could have thought better.
The man quit smoking because he started waking up earlier.
The woman punched the attacker in the nose because the attacker began to bleed.
The dart missed the target because the man has lost.
The landlord asked a termite killer to come to his home because he keeps an ant farm in his room.
I suggest to guests to go out for dinner because my guests stay too long.
The girl caught her brother reading his diary because she has a new diary.
The woman lacks the rent because she quit her job.
The child's hand quickly retracted because it patted the puppy's head.
The company wants to evaluate customer satisfaction because they conducted a customer survey.
The wooden floor is scratched because the boy pulled a chair on the floor.
I cover my face because the enemy swung his fists.
The famous statue was burned down because people came to honor it.
I leave the fruit on the table because flies flooded with fruit.
Ballerina was torn ligaments because she twisted her ankles.
The baby's shoelace is slipping because it runs around the yard.
I was absorbed in the book because i forgot the whole time.
The boy has the same beliefs as his parents because his parents from his face.
The car gradually stopped because the driver fell asleep.
The man eats ice cream in the sun because ice cream comes out of the stick.
I hang the artwork in the room because the walls look empty.
I come home early because my boss held a meeting.
The puppy stains the carpet because the owner gives the dog a gift.
I apologized to my friend because my friend became angry.
The man stood out in the crowd because he wears a neon vest.
The witness lied, despite the oath because he was charged with perjury.
The woman dyed her hair because she wanted to mingle.
Immigrants have been caught illegally residing in the country because they were expelled.
The speaker joked because the audience stood up.
I look at the sun because the sun tan my skin.
I get bored because i yawn.
The steak is difficult to cut because unripe steak.
The woman declared bankruptcy because she has a large debt.
The lights in my friend's apartment come on because i decided to visit him for a visit.
I put the flower under my nose because i smell the scent of flowers.
The woman feels nostalgic for the past because she scolded her child.
Students hesitate not to write articles because he submitted incomplete work.
My car is broken because i call the mechanic.
I dropped the note because it cannot read.
The bird flapped its wings because it soars.
I parked the car in the aisle because the garage is full.
The criminal aimed a gun at his victim because the victim raised his hand.
I look forward to the weekend because i plan to attend my friend's wedding.
I forgot the whole time because i feel nauseous.
The printed documents cannot be read because the printer has run out of paper.
The stadium opened the national anthem because the fans rushed to the field.
Bland tasting dishes because i put salt in it.
I put a tissue on the spill because the water spill is still sticky.
The woman is disturbed while reading a book because she reread the book.
The plane experienced some turbulence because the man looked out the window.
The boy frowned because the girl poked him.
Doctors have the patient install a false rib because they watched her vitality.
The boy pinched her elbow because she pushed her hand away from him.
I asked my friend for advice because i know i was right.
The boy stepped into the mud because mud hit his face.
Snow covered several inches thick in town because people hide underground.
Staff shift has ended because he threatened to quit his job.
Plants spoil the house because trees shade the backyard.
The wood is split into two because i swing the ax down the wood.
Family congratulate the couple because the couple announced they were going to have a baby.
The little girl sends the boy a valentine letter because she kissed him.
I nodded at my friend's statement because i agree with you.
Your group toss a coin because they want to make a fair decision.
The kitchen timer rang because the man took the pizza out of the oven.
The woman set ambitious goals because she works hard.
The rich man died of old age because his son inherited the inheritance.
The woman stepped on the fire because smoke rose from the fire.
The woman's car is already in the store because she had a car accident.
I over slept because i skipped breakfast.
The celebrity stepped out of the limousine because his family attended the press conference.
The woman linger in the bath because bath water flows out of the tub.
The student wants to meet other students in the school because he majored in engineering.
I flipped up the seat cushion because i am rearranging the living room.
The bee flew towards the boy because the boy picked a flower.
The woman was found guilty of misdemeanor because she was executed and shot.
I stir sugar into hot tea because soluble sugar.
The veteran limped because he was wounded in the battle.
The criminal ran away from the police because police chase criminals.
The laptop does not turn on because i have charged it.
The woman has no room in her wardrobe because she folded her clothes.
The man is very heartbroken because his wife left him.
The man who completed the degree because his job offer has been canceled.
The man's voice echoed throughout the room because he said into the microphone.
I throw a coin in the tap because the coin broke in half.
The player hits the ball towards the hole because the ball flies back towards the player.
I breathe dust in the attic because i sneezed.
Cashier called security because the customer turns on their headlights.
I take out the garbage because i accidentally threw away my shopping list.
The family went to the zoo because the children chase the animals.
The man's breath is very loud because his lungs were clogged.
I have an extra ticket for the concert because i asked my friend if he would like to go.
The indoor air conditioner is broken because i open the window.
The boy has back pain because his backpack is heavy.
I bought my mom a gift because it was her birthday.
The daffodils in the garden were destroyed because squirrels dig the beds.
I lit a match because matches create fire.
The disputing parties have reached an agreement because they want to save their personal relationship.
The children are sent to an orphanage because their parents pamper them.
A meteor fell into the ocean because it started to hail.
The climber meets a poisonous snake because she panicked.
The oven gets hot because i put the food in the oven.
I squeezed a lemon because lemon splashed water out.
This country discovered new lands because nations turn land into colonies
The glass flipped off the table because it landed on a pile of laundry.
The table wobbled because the floor is slippery.
The father makes his son lie because the father trusts his son.
The man's head ached because i take aspirin.
Train slowed down because it was slow compared to the schedule.
The man went through therapy because he was diagnosed with depression.
The woman clutched her throat because she choked on food.
The woman has a sore throat because she said in a tone.
The dog looked at the juicy steak on the table because it lies down.
The woman's business was successful because she became rich.
Students leave the classroom because teacher assigning homework
The woman claims she saw a ghost because her acquaintances relate to her.
The man has a hearing loss because he was nearly killed in an explosion.
The child let go of the balloon rope because balloons fly into the air.
The man lost the ability to speak because he took a deep breath.
The woman stumbles on the sidewalk because she heard someone calling her name.
The man jumps canon into the pool because the man wets the lifeguard.
I took antibiotics because the infection spreads.
The traffic light turns yellow because the driver honked.
Melt plastic container because i put the container on the hot stove.
The car is distorted because the driver passed a red light.
The boy studied all night because he passed the exam.
The young boy clung to the edge of the pool because rescuers are on duty.
I put my hand to my chest because my heart rate accelerates.
The building adjacent to my office is under construction because my office got noisy.
Families want to get acquainted with their new neighbors because the family waved to the neighbors from their yard.
Water splashed from the pool because the swimmer floats in the pool.
I take a bite of the watermelon because i accidentally chipped my teeth.
The boy stumbled because his shoelaces are not tied.
The woman wearing earrings because she just pressed her ears.
I filled the bottle with water because i keep it in the refrigerator.
Censored TV show because it has a complicated plot.
Shipwreck because the staff encountered pirates.
The boy was confused by the puzzle because he asked for a hint.
The phone rang because the man picks up the phone.
The woman is staring at me because i feel uncomfortable.
The group left the museum because they viewed all exhibits.
The man started an argument with me because my friend protects me.
My bicycle tire is flat because i increase the gas in the car.
The girl looks pale because her father touched her forehead.
Pen out of ink because i signed my name.
The man was denied a loan because he started a business.
Girl off school at home because she loves studying math.
The garbage bag is full because i pour it into the sink.
I vacuum the carpet because my dog sheds hairs.
The man lost his temper because he threw his chair across the room.
The girl threw a tree branch into the campfire because the fire is out.
The man comes out of the bathroom because he can't see the towels.
Parents want their children to go to college because they encourage their children to play outside.
The man takes off his shoes because the shoes are worn out.
The man only eats half of the appetizer because he saves the recipes.
My ankles are swollen because i rub the lotion.
My office door is open because i overheard a conversation in the hall.
I had to wait in line because i skim through a magazine.
The man smashed the flies because the fly is still standing.
The man wrote a will because he is a widow.
The runner feels the opponent is following because he speeds up.
I have thought through this issue carefully because i came up with a solution.
The traveler walks on a precarious suspension bridge because i feel ecstatic.
The man predicted the team's victory because he has made a bet with his friends.
The boy could not sleep because you count sheep.
