Items are wrapped in plastic because it's subtle
I took things out of my ba because i find the ticket terminal
Termites eat hom because termites disappear from the house.
Tourists arrive at the borde because the inspector of his passport
Office close because it is a holiday
The girl is exhauste because he plays chess
Women lose place in the queu because more people queued
A girl squeezes her nos because many babies with water flowed on aprons
The band plays loud music because the audience clapped their hands.
The girl wants to thank the math teacher because the girl was punished after choosing to study.
The travelers were afraid because his camp tells stories of ghosts.
A man hitting his hea because he was distraught
The checks that I write bounc because my bank account has no money
Men's emails are full of junk mail because he removed it
The sailor is quarantined because he had been close to disease prone areas.
The girl remembers the secret code because he memorized it
I pour water into the glass because the water quenched my thirst.
The man remained silent after his friend had finished speaking because he wants to support his friend.
Accident is my faul because i feel guilty
The chain fell apart because the chains were wrapped around the wheels of the car.
The couple decided to make a compromise because they're tired of arguing with each other.
Women decide to run for elections because he hired a campaign manager.
Men preparing for the col because he prepared a winter coat.
The student knows the answer because he raised his hand
Man tear because dust in his eyes
Athletes have won five games in a row because his competitors accused him of cheating.
The teacher tore away the exam papers of student because he found that the students cheated on the exam.
I stopped thinkin because my voice is gone
Frozen food, thawe because i put it in the oven.
Employees pretend to be sic because he has a stomachache
The girl dived into the pool because he ran on the edge of the pool
Movie tickets sold ou because it's premiere
Men lose weigh because abandoned person
A girl's hand scratche because he printed the letter
People perform in circus tricks while riding bicycles because the audience looked in amazement.
I can't control my emotion because my friend made me wait
Conflicting countries want peac because they develop nuclear weapons
A man taking a sleeping pil because he is sleepy
Woman hitting the sof because the sofa leg is dropped.
Boy holding a balloo because broken balloons
A tourist enters his roo because they took things from their bags.
I bite the peac because peaches
My hands are stick because i eat donuts
I pushed the doo because open door
Product boycott protester because products are checked for quality
I drilled a hole in the wall because rats crawled out of the hole.
A woman is jealous of his siste because his sister is happy
I spilled wine on my shirt because i put on an apron
The cashier opens the cash drawe because customers find a wallet
Street musicians calling in the audienc because the person giving him money
A small child cried to his nanny because he misses his parents
Pilot's radar captured the signal of the storm because the pilot drives the storm evacuation.
Deciduous tree because autumn leaves
The boy is naught because he settled in playing cards with his sister.
The boy cried out to go to the bathroom because his father gave him sweet water.
Children sprinkle fish food into the pond because fish jumping out of the pond
The political attitudes of women have changed because he changed the political party
Water pip because i opened the water tap.
Passengers getting off the trai because the train arrived at the station.
The man pressed on the envelope's glue because he put a stamp on the envelope.
Friends do not contact each other because he used to like being together
The company's financial management accountant mistakes it because he was fired
I look at the cloc because i hear the clock go
My hand is cramped because i write articles by hand
The nut is tightened because i changed the nut
A male couple signs a room rental contract because the couple moved into the room.
Woman sitting outside on the balcon because he wants to see the sunset
A man wearing a life jacket in the wate because he can't swim.
A woman typed the wrong word in the program because he deleted the files
The girl brag to his friend because he did not score well.
Wet fiel because raining all night
Women slee because she stayed overnight at the hotel.
Men wearing sunscree because he sits in the shade
The researchers proved the theory successfully because researchers falling the theory
The fans at the booed matc because competition enters extra time
I put the code in the loc because i close the lock
People getting crowde because the father handed the money to his son.
Snow closes the entrance to the house because i took out snow and made it into cubes
Oarsman draws oarsme because kayaks sailed ashore
A girl loses control of her bicycl because she released the handlebars.
I turn on the fa because drops of water sprinkled on me.
The surfer returns to the beach because he's wet
I pulled out the cork in the tub because the water flows down the pipe until the sink is finished.
The husband feels guilty for cheating on his wife because he accused her of adultery.
Ink on paper smeared poste because i wait for the ink to dry.
The child was startled and screamed because he had nightmares
The boy put his feet on the tabl because his father sat down at the table.
Friends turn to m because i shouted his name
The government oppresses the peopl because revolutionary people
A lost boy in the fores because he set up a tent
Women traveling abroa because she wants to learn to draw.
A man is jealous of his colleagues because his colleagues have promoted
Men see alien because he sees hallucinations.
Male hair has turned blonde because he bit his hair
The artist creates new wor because she criticized her old work.
The son moved out of the house because he was discharged from the military.
The book fell from the bookshel because shelves are covered with dust.
My house power goes ou because i turn on the light
We ride a roller coaste because it looks scary
The corn in the popcorn bag began to brea because i pour butter into the bag.
Trees cut over electric cable because the electricity in the community was cut off.
The speaker makes inappropriate words because he bore the audience.
I poked myself with a needl because sweat came from above my face.
Fish floating on the surface of the aquariu because it is hungry
Hoarse voic because he has a cold
Elevator door ope because elevator to the selected floor
Teenagers secretly run away from hom because he lied to his parents
The bathroom floode because the water in the toilet is overflowing.
Pups are close to their owners because owner put a collar
Men notice their own reflectio because he is under a big tree
I couldn't pick up my girlfriend's phone because i called him back
A family searching around the are because the dog ran away from home.
I saw the cough from my breath because cold weather
Employees form a unio because he wants a better working condition.
I bake an apple pi because the rotten smell filled the kitchen.
Woman trying to walk with difficult because she wears high heels
Steam rose from the cauldron because boiling water
My socks are all washed because i wear slippers
Politicians' issues are seen as absurd because he lost support from the voters.
Not everyone agrees with the couple's engagement because pregnant couple
The building was dedicated to the rich because a millionaire wants you to smash the building away.
The salesman accused the girl of stealing because the salesperson saw the girl picking up the items in her handbag
Countries declare war on their neighbor because soldiers were sent to battle.
The verdict stood up to the brutal judgmen because there was a riot in front of the city hall.
The girl smelled something burning because she took the cookies out of the jar.
Heavy rai because the storm grew harder.
Evacuees from the buildin because elevator stops working
The father is not satisfied with his son's alcohol addiction because dad bought his son a beer
The lawyer walked up the stairs to the office because the secretary returns home after the day is over.
Man frustrated friend because friends against him
The girl handed the money to the cashie because the cashier gave the change to the girl.
Woman on a wheelchai because she was paralyzed from the accident.
People hang national flags in front of their houses because the country celebrates the anniversary of its independence.
The team lost the tournament because he disappointed his fans.
My friend told me that I had food left on my teet because i feel embarrassed
The boy failed a history class because he studied hard
The city building collapsed because urban earthquake
Boyfriend breaks up with him because he begged his girlfriend to make up
Two children reached for the ball at the same time because the ball is rolling away.
Raccoon rummaging through tras because there was cardboard in the trash.
A boy with a pencil sharpene because cheap pencils
The cashier refused to refund the dress to the woman because she lost the receipt.
The wound scratched deeply on my skin because the wound heals quickly.
The man was looked at by other passengers on the train strange because he looked down on the ground.
The child left the crumbs on the floor because ants grow up scraps of candy
A woman handed a tissue paper to her sister because the female sister crossed her arms
Candy gu because his lips were dry and flaky.
The young couple left home early to see the sho because he expected cars to get stuck around the theater
Women stay home, don't go to wor because the boss compliments her.
Man signs campaigner petitio because he supports the actions of campaigners.
The actors were dismayed before the performance because he has stage fright.
I'm los because i count my money
The fruit is ripe in the su because fruit was eaten
Broken ca because i twisted the ignition.
Men back pai because he went to see a psychiatrist
I set a fire in the fireplac because i don't have firewood
Women stop runnin because she has cramps
I knocked on the neighbor's doo because the neighbor invited me to the house.
The woman sighed in frustration because her husband misunderstood her good intentions.
The teacher compliments the student because students answer questions correctly.
Women have no eggs left because she goes to the farm
I met an old frien because i told him a secret.
Women inevitably go into the lake because she can catch fish
The students came to the room with a wet body because broken umbrella
The arrows on the computer screen move because the user clicks the mouse.
Shortcut drive because there was an accident on the main road.
I dry wet sheets on the rail outside because dry sheets
A woman wearing sunglasse because bright sunlight
A man looking at the night sk because he wants it to be summer
I feel exhauste because i go to bed early
A man goes to a barber sho because he will have long hair
Boy teasing a new classmat because a boy welcomes a new classmate
I want a glass of mil because i'm eating cookies
It started to rai because the driver turns on the headlights.
The parking lot in front of the building is open because i parked the car across the street.
The writer missed the deadline to submit the first draft because she is dead
The employee hung up on me because i would like to talk to the moderator.
The wind blows through the window because the doorbell sounded
The electricity in my house is off because i pulled out the lamp plug.
Roaring weightlifte because he pushed his muscles in front of the mirror.
Students try to do mental arithmetic because he took out a calculator.
Baby sleepin because dad changes diapers to baby
A girl throws a water balloon at the boy because brain concussion boy
The photographer forgot to turn the flash on the camera because blurry picture
I declined an invitation to a birthday party because i'm lonely
I exercis because i feel powerful
I squeeze the wet spong because it absorbs water
Tourists take express boats to the resort because the resort is fully booked.
Teenagers go tatto because she is afraid of needles
An unfamiliar car parked in front of my house because i'm suspicious
Criminals surrende because the evidence points to him.
Fat man decides to lose weigh because he reduced the dessert
The girl stepped on the ic because she slipped
Women have dark circles under their eye because she doesn't sleep all night
Lava flows from the volcano because volcanic eruption
Women wearing shoe because she knows everyone at the party.
I pay the expressway employees because you let me pass the expressway.
Bankruptcy managemen because he sells shares of the company
Men go to the docto because doctor is on leave
I left the bedroom through the window because house on fire
Withered boy finger because he took a long shower
I spit out the mil because the milk is sour
I missed the bu because i got to work early.
The truck collided with the sedan because speeding truck
Cheating teams give themselves an edge because he won
The soda bottles his because i flip the bottle
The boy was trapped outside the house because he crawled into the house from the open windows.
The doorbell rang because the guest knocks with the knocker.
A man messing up a sui because he took the dry cleaner.
Girl squeezes toothpaste tub because toothpaste spilled out of the tube.
The number of civilians killed in war is skyrocketing because pacifists march in protest
The girl took the ribbon from her hair because she tied the ribbon
Man going to have facial surger because he's getting older
The chicks emerge from the eg because hatching eggs
Fasting prisoner because he died
The man loses his balance while on the stairs because he climbed up the stairs
Burp bab because he drank a gulp of soda.
A cold wind blows through the windo because i relax
Students receive a scholarship to study in the university because classmates respect her
Girls, wheels, fun boy because she is next to his house
Homeless people steal foo because he is pity
I called a frien because i need privacy
A man gave me a han because i shake hands with him
I fell awa because the fireworks were lit up into the sky.
The girl bit her nails because she is worried
I turned the calendar page because i check the date on the calendar.
The husband found that the wife was adultery because he fired the lawyer.
The girl dropped the rubber ball because bouncing ball
The girl made a mistak because she guessed the answer
Players intercept the opponent because the opponent can accept the ball.
I pick tomatoes from the tree because it's cooked
Men want to be romantic because he arranged for lunch with his ex.
Mercury in the thermometer rise because i dropped the thermometer.
Tornado blows through the cit because the roof of the town hall was blown away.
Extra student because his score improved.
I feel comfortabl because i kneel to the ground
I polish the ston because the rock slipped up
I add sugar to the coffee because strong smell of coffee
A man flipping over the documen because he was cut by paper.
I used a hammer to nai because nails sink into the wood
Fish eating hoo because the fishermen dragged the fish.
Embarrassed teenagers having to go to schoo because she has acne
My face flashed because i got good news
I wipe my hands and towel because the towel is wet
The man lost his balance while on the chair because the rocking chair was under him.
Teammates blame each othe because he lost the race
I ask him to forgive because i'm sorry for what i did wrong
Wome because he asked about her.
Smiling gir because her cheeks reddened
Enemy ships exploded because it ran through landmines.
The man was pointed at his feet because he walks in puddles
Detectives detect fingerprints at the scen because he discovers the murderer
There is heavy traffic on the highway because i take a shortcut
The national economy was in decline because many people fell ill.
The guard crossed the road whistle at the childre because the children were crossing the road with cars.
I rolled my eyes at my friend because he told me the truth
The car has run out of ga because driver stuck in the middle of the road
Women are about to give birt because child birth
Men's hats blown by the win because he took off his hat
Girls go to friends birthday part because she received an invitation
Hot bo because his mother measured a fever.
Man perfume himsel because he wants to impress his partner.
The electricity in the house is off because i find a flashlight
The family moved to a larger house because son finished high school
Marathon runners run slowl because she wants to keep her strength.
Boy kicking vending machine because vending machines change coins
My friend's dog die because i rolled my eyes at him.
Businessman credit card can't pass throug because he wrote the invoice
Men swearin because he cut his nails
A proud man with a younger brothe because the younger brother argued with his parents.
Girls want to know about the solar system because she goes to the library
Wall poste because i placed the poster on the door.
The client approves the architect's building plan because architects build buildings
A man dropped a spoon on the groun because his hand shakes
The general manager of the company resigned because the board of directors ordered the dissolution of the company.
I'm late in clas because i sit in the back row
Man released from priso because his family paid for insurance.
The family lost all possessions because he sold the house
I crunched aluminum cans because the jar was recycled.
The girl joins the debate team because she practiced to use the computer.
My mood improve because i listen to music
The charity aims to raise mone because he made food for the homeless
A roller coaster plunges down a steep slope because sitting man giggling
I'm angr because i check the mailbox before i leave the house.
A man wants to see the sunris because he traveled north
I fold pape because i recycle paper
Disaster countr because leaders of other nations form alliances.
The boy's shirt was soaked because he climbed out of the pond.
The students hurried to finish reading because due to return libraries
The criminal was execute because he was arrested
The sun shone into the room because i opened the curtain
I snatched me from a fak because her wig fell off.
Editors revise words in manuscripts because he found the manuscript very interesting.
Woman closing credit card accoun because she found that the card was missing.
Men and women love each othe because he attended university together
The music was too low to hear because i turn up the sound
Puffy hair bo because the girl rubbed his hair.
Flattened insec because i sprayed insect repellent.
I opened my eye because i wake up
Loud music from the neighbor because i asked him to lower his voice.
The men's family was in poverty because he spends frugal
Students graduated from universit because he finds work
The artist mixes yellow and blue because color splashed all over
I changed the tal because i'm out of talk
My brother was discharged from the hospital because i welcome him home
The stage curtain floats u because the opening scene begins.
The hostages comply with the demands of the thief kidnappin because the kidnapper threatens to harm the hostages.
The thumping sound thundered the stage because foot-tapping musicians
Parents ran to the children's bedroom because i awoke from a nightmare crying
Women communicate with sign languag because she was premature
There was a drought in the region because toxic contaminated water
A cat chasing a bir because birds flew away
Girls move schoo because school closes summer
The factory owner refused to raise salaries for employees because the owner appoints a new manager.
Leader against extremist groups in the countr because extremist groups influenced him.
I walk barefoot on the beac because sand on my feet
I woke up in the middle of the night, chillin because i'm wearing warm pants over
Mother convinces the child to stop crying because smiling child
My jeans are torn holes because i zipped the jeans.
Boy wearing brace because he's tooth decay
Yesterday I worked out in the gym because today i wake up with aching muscles.
The girls whispered to each other on the dining table because the other children sat down at the dining table.
The child fell on the trampolin because she bounced back into the air.
I put the letter in the mailbox because the postman delivers the letter
Confident gamble because he bet all the money
The forest fires sprea because the gusts of wind become stronger.
Boy's bruised kne because his mother sent him to the room.
Men survive a terrible diseas because he signed his will
I sip coffee very hot because i bite my tongue
Editors fired writer because writers avoid biased articles.
I feel exhauste because i sleep all day
Doctors diagnose patient because she observed the patient's symptoms.
I scratch my ski because it's wet in sweat
Man undergoing emergency treatmen because he is upset
Muscle men bulging out because he pushed the arm muscles.
A man raised an eyebro because he was amazed
I forgive my colleague's mistakes because i believe he has good intentions.
Men quit smokin because he began to exercise more
A woman punches a man in the nos because the harasser is exhausted.
Darts miss targe because men aim to miss
The owner of the house calls the rodent control unit to the house because he found rats under the house.
I suggested to the guests that they should go out to eat because i'm too tired to cook
The girl catches that her brother is secretly reading the diary because she started hiding her diary.
The woman had no money to pay for the rent because she works overtime
The boy quickly retracted his hand because he touches the hot stove.
The company wants to measure customer satisfaction because he offers a discount to new customers.
The wooden floor is scratched because the boy threw the cushion off the sofa.
I raised my hand to protect my fac because my opponent challenges me
A famous statue burned dow because it was struck by lightning.
I left the fruit on the table because fruit seeds
Ballet dancers tear ligament because she tiptoes
The laces of the child loosen the knot because he learns to tie his shoes.
I read until I got stuck because i brought the book back
Men believe like their parents because his parents influenced him.
The car slowly slowed down until it stopped because the car has run out of gas
Man eating ice cream in the su because ice cream lost its flavor
I hang art in the room because the carpet looks dirty.
I get off work earl because i have a headache
Puppies mess up the carpet because the owner scolded the puppy.
I'm sorry my frien because friend forgive me
The man stood out from the crowd because he carries a backpack
The witness lied even though he swore it because he gave it to the end
Woman dyeing hai because she wants a new look.
Immigrants were caught living in the country illegally because he got a job
The talker tells a joke because the audience laughed
I look at the su because the sun dazzled me
I'm bore because i choked
A hard cut stea because blunt knife
The woman declared bankruptcy because she received compensation from the divorce.
The fire in my friend's apartment is on because i wonder if he has gone out.
I hold flowers under my nos because falling petals
Women crave the pas because she happened to meet her childhood friend.
Students defer to the deadline for submitting a report because he submitted the report early.
My car is broke because i went to the mall
I threw away the not because it doesn't have a writer's name.
Bird flappin because birds lay eggs
I parked my car on the stree because the garage is open
Criminals aim guns at their victims because the criminal put down the gun
I look forward to the coming weekend because i plan to go to my uncle's funeral.
I lost tim because i'm distraught
The document was printed out, so I could not read it because the printer has run out of ink.
In the field opened the national anthe because fans turn to the national flag
Tasteless dipping sauc because i took it and served
I took a spill-proof paper because liquid blotting paper
A woman was interrupted while reading a book because she put in a bookmark
The plane faced inclement weather because men fasten seat belts
The boy was startled because the girl doesn't care about him.
The doctor attached a prosthesis to the patient because he cut her leg
Boy pinch elbow gir because the girl shrugged at him.
I asked for advice from a friend because i value his opinion.
A boy treading the mu because mud stuck on his shoes
The snow fell in the city several inches thick because school closed
Employees are out of shift because end of the day he goes home.
Damaged tree because the tree fell on the roof
Firewood is cut in half because i arranged firewood in the fireplace
The family congratulated the coupl because the couple announced that they would be separated.
Girls send boys valentines gift because she likes him
I nodded at the words of my friend because i'm confused
Friends toss coins tos because he wants to find a way to compromise.
Loud kitchen time because men put fresh things into the refrigerator
Women set goals with ambitio because she is lazy
Rich people die of old disease because his son has a lawsuit
Woman tread on fir because the fire goes out
A woman's car in the stor because her driver's license was seized.
I'm asleep, my alarm clock won't wak because i make breakfast
A public figure stepping out of the lim because the camera flash is facing him.
The woman stayed in the bath for a long time because the water in the basin has cooled.
University students want to meet other students on campus because he joined the student club.
I raised the sofa seat because i find the shards of coins
Continued to fly towards the bo because boy running away
Women guilty of petty offense because she was sentenced to work in the community.
I'm the sugar man in hot tea because the tea was steamed up.
Veterans lim because he was recruited to join the war.
The criminal ran from the polic because police care for victims
The laptop computer does not turn on because i dropped my laptop.
Woman leaves no space in her wardrobe because she buys a lot of clothes.
Heart broken ma because his wife gave birth
A man with a degre because he is all qualified to apply for the job he wants.
The voice of a man resounded throughout the room because he greeted the audience.
I threw a coin into the fountain because the coin sank to the bottom of the pond.
The player hits the ball to the hole because ball into a hole
I inhaled attic dust because i hiccup
The employee charged the bill, called the security unit because the customer uses counterfeit banknotes.
I took out the tras because garbage makes the kitchen smell bad.
Family to the zo because children admire the animals
Man breathing loudl because he has kidney failure
I have one concert ticket left because i asked a friend for directions to the concert venue.
The air conditioner in the house is broken because i took out the blanket
Low back pain bo because his backpack is open
I bought a gift for mo because i bake a cake for mom
Damaged garden daffodil because punch gardener
I lit a matc because the fire goes out
The mediator was successful because they do not want to fight in court.
The children were sent to the orphanage because the child's parents died.
A meteorite falls into the se because a tsunami occurred
A mountaineer found a poisonous snake because she is dehydrated
Hot ove because i turn on the oven
I squeezed a lemon because moldy lemon
The country found new land because the country left a new land
The glass rolled off the table because shattered glass spread across the floor.
Rocking tabl because uneven ground
The father caught his son lying because son confesses
Man's head throbbing With pai because he took a cough syrup
The train slows dow because the train is entering the station.
Men undergoing therap because his family often has mental illnesses.
A woman with a hand to hold her nec because she swallowed food
Woman sore throa because her voice is hoarse.
Dog staring at the steak on the tabl because saliva it flows
Business women are successfu because she fired employees.
The student walked out of the room because loud buzzer
The woman claims that she saw a ghost because people who knew her questioned her.
Hearing loss me because he almost drowned in the ocean.
Children release their hands from the balloon string because flattening balloons
Men have lost the ability to spea because the blood vessels in his brain were broken.
A woman stumbles on the sidewal because there are cracks in the cement floor.
A man jumping into the poo because the lifeguard jumped into the pool and followed him.
I take antibiotic because wound infection healed
Traffic lights turn yello because brake pedal driver
Plastic melting bo because i brought a box of warm water.
The car has dents because the driver hits the telephone pole.
The boy reads books to study all nigh because he skips the exam
The boy clung to the edge of the pool tightly because he's afraid to learn to swim.
I put my hand over to sa because i feel my heart beating
The building next to my office is under construction because my office is crowded
The family wants to get to know the neighbors because the family invited neighbors to dinner.
Water splashed from the pool because the swimmer jumps into the pool.
I ate a fraction of the mosaics because i accidentally swallowed the watermelon.
The boy trippe because his coat is unzipped.
A woman wearing an ear plu because she was disturbed by the noise.
I filled the bottle with water because i drank the water in the bottle.
TV shows were censored for conten because it contains disrespectful words.
Shipwrec because the crew drowned.
The boy was frustrated by the riddle because he can find the answer.
The phone ran because man putting the phone on
Women staring at m because i hug you
A group of people left the museu because they take pictures of art
Men began to argue with me because my friend introduced me to a man.
My bicycle tires are flat because i inflate the wheels
The girl looks pale because her father reads a book.
The pen has run out of ink because i use a pencil
The man was denied credit because he has debt
Girls do not go to schoo because she has chickenpox
The garbage bag is full because i took it away
I vacuum the carpe because my roommate spilled fruit juice.
The man is upse because he turned off the computer.
The girl threw the stick into the fire because burnt stalk
The man came out of the showe because the water is hot.
Parents want their children to go to universit because they keep the money for tuition.
Men's shoelace because loose shoes
The Chab eats half a plate of appetizers because he put leftover food in the refrigerator.
My ankle is swolle because i put ice on my ankle.
The door to my office is open because i spoke to my colleagues at the table.
I have to wait in lin because i sit and wait
Men hitting flie because flies flew away
A man writes a wil because he is dying
The runner felt his competitors were chasing after because he left the race
I carefully review the issue because i need advice
Tourists walk on a swaying suspension bridge because he is very scared
The man expects his team to win because he met his friend to watch the game.
Boy can't slee because he set an alarm
