The product was packaged in bubble wrap because it was small.
I emptied my pockets because i found a gun.
Termites occupied the house because termites ate the wood inside the house.
Passengers reached the border because the patrol agent accused them of smuggling.
The office was closed because it was summer.
The girl has run out of energy because he jumped the rope.
The woman lost her place in the row because it turned out ordinary.
The girl stuffed her nose because he soiled his diaper.
The group played their hit song because the audience listened politely and quietly.
The girl wanted to thank her math teacher because the girl brought an apple to the teacher.
The young campers felt scared because they roasted marshmallows over the campfire.
The man hit his head because he had concussion.
The check I wrote was unrequited because i earned a salary increase.
The man's e-mail inbox was full of spam because he sent a bulk e-mail.
The seaman was quarantined because he survived the disease.
The girl memorized the code because he forgot to write.
I filled the glass with water because the glass is full.
The man remained silent when his friend finished speaking because he was thinking about what his friend said.
The accident was my fault because i made the accusation.
The chain broke up because there was a broken link in the chain.
The couple decided to compromise because they avoided discussing the problem.
The woman decided to run for government office because he testified in court.
The man expected cold weather on his journey because he traveled with a large suitcase.
The student knew the answer to the question because escaped.
The man's eyes watered because he wore glasses.
The player won five consecutive matches because his opponent felt sorry for him.
The teacher tore the student's exam because the student's answers were wrong.
I stopped talking because i'm out of breath.
The frozen meal has thawed because i covered it with plastic wrap.
The employee pretended to be a patient because he asked for a day off.
The girl jumped into the pool because he jumped off the trampoline.
Movie tickets sold out because the movie received bad reviews.
The man lost weight because people complimented him.
The girl's hands were puffed up because he climbed a rope.
The circus performer juggled while riding a unicycle because the acrobat turned on a trapeze.
I lost my patience because my friend arrived on time.
Warring countries wanted peace because they negotiated a treaty.
The man took sleeping pills because he had a fever.
The woman hit the sofa because his knee was blackened.
The boy squeezed the balloon because the balloon flew.
The travelers entered their hotel rooms because they went to the airport.
I bit the peach because the water gushed out.
My hands have become sticky because i loved dessert.
I pushed the door because the door was locked.
Activists boycotted the products because the products were produced with child labor.
I drilled a hole in the wall because dust came out of the hole.
The woman was jealous of her sister because his brother divorced.
I poured wine on my shirt because i changed my shirt.
The cashier opened the safe because the customer handed out his money.
The street musician drew a crowd because he dispersed the crowd.
The little babysitter cried because it was snack time.
The pilot's radar detected a storm because the pilot flew through the storm.
The tree shed its leaves because leaves piled up on the floor.
The boy was naughty because he decided to make a joke to his sister.
The boy complained that he had to go to the toilet because his father stopped at a gas station.
The boy sprinkled fish food into the tank because the fish swam towards the bait.
The political view of women has changed because he participated in a protest.
The bathroom sink is clogged because i poured the sink cleaner into it.
The passengers got off the train because the train blew its whistle.
The man pressed the damp cover of the envelope because he sealed the envelope.
Friends lost contact because they moved to different cities.
The accountant mismanaged the company's money because she went on maternity leave.
I looked at the clock because i wanted to control the time.
I had a cramp in my hand because we held hands with my wife.
The bolt is tightened because i tightened the key.
The couple signed a lease for an apartment because the city took over the apartment.
The woman sat outside on the porch because he thought he saw lightning.
The man was wearing a life jacket while in the water because the water was shallow.
The woman word processor made a typo because he hit the back button.
He boasted to his girlfriends because he won the competition.
The garden was muddy because it was full of herbs.
The woman fell asleep because he forgot to set his alarm clock.
The man put on sunscreen because he went to the beach.
Researchers proved the theory because individuals accepted the theory.
The fans in the match booed because the referee made the wrong decision.
I entered my password in the lock because the lock is opened.
The crowd denser because the father took his son's hand.
Snow was blocking the road because i cleared the snow from the road.
Kayakers rowed because the boat crashed into a wave.
The girl lost control of her bike because it crashed into a fence.
I turned the fan on because i felt the cold air coming on me.
The surfers turned to the beach because they saw the shark.
I pulled the plug in the tub because water splashed on the ground.
The man felt guilty for cheating on his wife because he confessed his infidelity to him.
The ink on the poster is smeared because i poured water on the poster.
The boy woke up screaming because he wetted his bed.
The boy put his feet on the table because his father taught him.
My friend turned his head towards me because i waved.
The government put pressure on its citizens because citizens registered to vote.
The boy got lost in the forest because she screamed for help.
The woman traveled abroad because he wanted to learn other cultures.
The man was jealous of his colleague because his colleague worked late.
The man witnessed the aliens because he was meditating.
The man's hair turned yellow because she shampooed.
The artist made new works because the woman was inspired.
The boy has moved away from home because he was going to college.
Books fell out of the bookshelf because an earthquake shook the library.
Electricity is cut off in my house because i reopened the fuse.
We drove the roller coaster because it looked fun.
The popcorn bag started to burst because i heated it in the microwave.
A tree fell over the power line because weather forecast made heavy wind forecast.
The speaker made politically incorrect comments because he hurt the audience.
I injured myself with a needle because a drop of blood formed on my finger.
The fish was standing on the surface of the tank because he was dead.
The man's voice was hoarse because he quit smoking.
The elevator doors opened because the elevator was squeezed between floors.
The teenager ran away from home because his parents had forbidden him to go out.
Flooded bathroom because the kettle was broken.
The puppy stayed with its owner because the owner grabbed the dog by the leash.
The man caught his own reflection because stopped at the fame of the calm lake.
I missed my girlfriend's call because they met for dinner.
In the family district because her expensive jewelery had disappeared from the house.
As I exhale, I saw my breath because i felt my chest tightened.
Workers formed a union because employers raised their salaries.
I baked an apple cake because a fresh arona filled the kitchen.
The woman had difficulty walking because he took off his shoes.
Steam rose from the water bowl because i was closing the container.
All my socks are in the laundry because i put on my boots.
The politician's argument was found absurd because he was accused of corruption.
Everyone disappeared from the couple's engagement because the couple ran away in secret.
The building is dedicated to the millionaire because millionaire contributed to the construction of the building.
The salesperson accused the girl of stealing because the salesperson helped the girl find the handbag she wanted.
The country declared war on the neighboring country because the soldiers were brought together with their families.
Mhkeme approved the controversial decision because a couple got married outside the courthouse.
The girl smelled a burning smell because he left those cookies in the oven.
It was raining because i rushed to get in.
The building has been evacuated because the fire alarm went off.
The father got angry with his son's alcoholism because the father kicked his son out of the house.
He came out of the mervids to the lawyer office because the elevator was not working.
The man got angry with his friend because his friend bought him lunch.
The girl gave the money to the cashier because the cashier forgot to give the girl a receipt.
The woman was put in a wheelchair because he entered the hospital in a stretcher.
City residents hung a national flag outside their homes because the country was facing economic difficulties.
The team lost the tournament because they inspired their fans.
My friend stated that I have food left in my tooth because i was proud.
The boy failed the history exam because he forgot to work.
The city center building was demolished because crime rates increased.
The man's girlfriend broke up with him because he introduced him to his family.
The two boys reached down to get the ball at the same time because their heads hit each other.
The raccoon rummaged through the litter box because the lid of the trash can was open.
The boy pointed the pencil because the pencil was blind.
The cashier refused to return the dress because the dress did not fit.
The line on my skin was deep because he left a scar.
The man met the strange looks of the passengers on the train because he was talking to himself.
The child left the crumbs on the ground because the boy put the bread aside.
She handed a napkin to her sister because the sister of the woman started crying.
The man took a mint candy because he worried about bad breath.
The couple left early for the show because they got the directions to the theater.
The woman stayed home from work because his colleague was covered up for him.
The man signed the activists' petition because he criticized them for being crazy.
The man's heart was pounding before his performance because he remembered his own line.
I was lost because i opened the map.
The ripe fruit was left in the sun because it passed.
Car is broken because engine overheated.
The man hurt his back because he stayed in bed for several days.
I lit a fire in the fireplace because it was cold inside the house.
The woman stopped the run because the woman gasped and gathered her energy again.
I knocked on my neighbor's door because my neighbor left his home.
The woman sighed in disappointment because her husband said goodbye to him.
The teacher praised the student because the student hesitated to answer the question.
The woman has run out of eggs because the woman went to the supermarket.
I ran into an old friend because i hugged him.
The woman avoided entering the lake because he looked dirty.
The student classroom was drenched because his bike was stolen.
The cursor on the computer screen moved because the user has scrolled the mouse.
The driver took a detour because he followed the truck in front of him.
I hung the wet sheet on the clothes line outside because laundry is stained.
The woman opened her shade because he called a taxi.
The man looked at the night sky because he thought it was beautiful.
I felt exhausted with tiredness because i stayed up all night.
The man went to the barber because his hair had grown.
The boy did bad tricks to his new classmate because the boy loves his new classmate.
My dear drew a glass of milk because i was making bread.
It started raining because the driver shifted the car into reverse.
The parking lot of the building was empty because i parked near the entrance.
The author missed the deadline for draft submission because he edited the draft.
My coworker is obsessed with me because i gave my id number.
The wind blew through the open window because the curtains trembled.
The electricity in my house is gone because i had the insurance blown.
The barbell grunted because he raised the bar over his head.
He tried to do the student calculus from his head because he was confused.
The baby has fallen asleep because father shook the baby slowly.
The girl threw a water balloon at the boy because the boy got wet.
The photographer forgot to use the camera flash because everyone in the photo refused to laugh.
I turned down the invitation to the birthday party because i was out of town.
I exercised because i scared.
I wringed the wet sponge because water leaked from inside.
Vacationers used a steamer for the resort because the resort was on the island.
The teenager got a tattoo because he wanted to rebel.
An unusual car parked outside my house because i called the police.
The criminal surrendered because there was no evidence against him.
The big and heavy man decided to lose weight because he avoided his cafe.
The girl stepped on the ice because he trembled.
The woman has circles under her eyes because he put his son on the bed.
Lava flowed from the volcano because volcano was not active.
She wore the women's shoes because he left the party early.
I paid the toll because he kept me at the box office.
The manager went bankrupt because he wasted his chance.
The man went to the doctor because the man felt sick.
I left my bedroom by the window because the house was empty.
The boy's fingers are wrinkled because he lathered his hands with soap.
I spat out the milk because my mouth was dry.
I missed the bus because i'm late for work.
The truck collided with the car because the car was shattered.
The team organized the competition in their favor because they let go.
The soda bottle hissed because i turned the lid open.
The boy was locked in the house because he climbed to the roof.
Doorbell rang because the woman looked through the doorway.
The man smeared his suit because he hung it in his closet.
The girl squeezed the toothpaste tube because the girl spat out the toothpaste.
Civilian deaths in the war increased rapidly because anti-war groups held a parade.
The girl pulled the ribbon from her hair because the ribbon looked childish.
The man had plastic surgery because he looks young.
One chick hatched because i cracked the egg.
The prisoner starved a lot because he escaped.
The man lost his balance on the ladder because he fell from the median.
The boy burped because he opened the soda lid.
A cold air came from your window because i shivered.
The student received a scholarship to go to university because he got good grades.
The girl made fun of the boy because he fell in love with her.
The hungry hooker stole food because he had no money.
I invited my friend to chat because i felt alone.
The man held out his hand to me because i slapped him.
I bowed my head quickly because the frisbee rose towards my head.
The girl ate her nails because he was surprised.
I turned the page on the calendar because it was the beginning of the new moon.
The husband discovered that his wife was with someone else because he filed for divorce.
The girl dropped the plastic ball because the ball flashed.
The girl made a mistake in the exam because he deleted his reply.
The player struggled with his opponent because his opponent fell to the ground.
I got the tomatoes without hanging because i washed them.
The man wanted to be romantic because he bought his girlfriend chocolates.
Mercury in the thermometer rose because the air is warm.
A hurricane passed through town because the highway became dangerously icy.
The student took private lessons because he cheated on the exam.
I feel comfortable because i wrapped myself in a blanket.
I polished the stone because it became brilliant.
I added sugar to the coffee because coffee was sweet.
The man shuffled the papers because he shredded the papers.
I hammered the nail in because the nail rusted.
The fish bit the fishing rod because the fisherman threw the fishing rod again.
The teenager was embarrassed to bring it to school because he removed the braces.
My facial expression brightened because i lost my patience.
I wiped my hands with a towel because my hands were wet.
The man lost his balance on the seat because he poured paint on the stool.
Teammates blamed each other because their coach canceled the study.
I asked him to forgive because i have reached my goal.
The woman was bored with the person she was dating because he spoke about himself continuously.
The girl smiled because dimples appeared.
The enemy ship blew up because he sailed into the harbor.
The man pierced his foot because he stepped on the broken glass.
Detectives dusted the crime scene for fingerprints because they found weapons at the crime scene.
There was a lot of traffic on the highway because i wanted to drive around.
The country's economy is in decline because many people faced unemployment.
The transition worker blew his whistle on the children because he recognized them from his own neighborhood.
I rolled my eyes behind my back because he made a sarcastic statement.
The car ran out of gas because the driver picked up a hitchhiker.
The woman gave birth because the woman had morning sickness.
The man's hat flew off because it was windy outside.
The girl attended her classmate's birthday party because he received a gift.
The boy's forehead was warm because his mother took him to the park.
The man sprayed himself with perfume because he rubbed jole in his hair.
The electricity in the house was cut off because i took a shovel.
The family moved to a larger house because ane gave birth to twins.
The marathon player kept his slow pace because he saw the finish line.
The kid kicked the vending machine because box of chips stuck.
My friend's dog died because i hugged him.
The businessman's credit card was not accepted because he paid with cash.
The man cursed because he struck his toe.
The man was proud of his brother because his brother was accepted into law school.
The girl wanted to learn about the solar system because he looked at the stars.
The poster stuck to the wall because i put tape on the back of the poster.
The client approved the architect's plan for the building because the architect prepared the plan.
The man dropped his spoon because he licked the spoon.
The CEO of the company resigned because the board found someone to replace him.
I arrived late for class because i approached the podium.
The man was released from prison because he attacked the prisoner.
The family lost all their possessions because their house caught fire.
I crushed the aluminum can with my foot because the box is crushed.
The girl joined the debate team because he learned communication skills.
My mood improved because i cooked the food.
The charity aimed to raise money because they held an auction.
The roller coaster in the roller coaster went down steeply fast because the passengers screamed.
I was angry because i slammed the door while leaving the house.
The man wanted to watch the sun rise because he got up early.
I folded the paper because the paper crumpled.
The nation endured natural disaster because leaders of other countries sent emergency aid.
The boy's clothes got wet because he fell into the pool.
The student hurried to finish the book because he borrowed it from a friend.
The criminal was executed because he was convicted of murder.
Sunlight entered the room because i unlocked the door.
I pulled the crook's hair because he went bald.
The editor rearranged a sentence in the text because he found that sentence confused.
The woman canceled her credit card account because he realized that his card had expired.
The man and the woman fell in love because they are married.
The sound of music was too weak to hear because i composed my own song.
The boy's hair stood up because the girl drew him.
The insect was crushed because i stepped on the bug.
I opened my eyes because i am relieved.
My neighbor's music was loud because i asked him to borrow the cd.
The man's family lived in poverty because he was earning less than the minimum wage.
The student graduated from university because he acquired a hobby.
The artist mixed yellow paint with blue paint because the paint turned green.
I changed the subject of the chat because the conversation became tense.
My brother was discharged because i was cold to him.
The stage curtain lifted because the actors left the stage.
The hostage fell into the hands of the person who kidnapped him because the person who kidnapped him left the hostage alone.
A rumble rang out on the stage because the musician struck the drum.
His parents rushed to their children's room because she was afraid to look under the children's bed.
The woman was communicating in sign language because the woman was born deaf.
A drought occurred in the area because the crops are destroyed.
The cat chased the bird because the bird caught a worm.
The girl changed school because the girl moved to another city.
The factory owner refused to raise his employees because employees went on strike.
The leader made the radicals in his country an enemy because radicals assassinated him.
I walked barefoot on the beach because waves hit the shore along the beach.
I woke up cold in the middle of the night because i drank a glass of water.
The mother silenced her child because the boy whined.
A hole was punched in my pants because i got stuck on the stone on the sidewalk.
The boy was wearing braces because his teeth are straightened.
I worked at the gym yesterday because today i woke up with pain in my throat.
The girls whispered to each other at the dinner table because other students at the dinner table got up from the table.
The boy landed on the trampoline because he decided to try to do somersaults in the air.
I left the letter in the mailbox because the post office has sped up processing of the letter.
The gambler was confident because he returned home broke.
The forest fire spread because arsonist caught.
The boy injured his knee because his mother covered her wound.
The man survived the fatal illness because the man received an organ transplant.
I took a sip of boiling coffee because i burned my tongue.
The editor fired the author because the author missed important deadlines.
I felt tired because i worked all day.
The doctor diagnosed the patient because he gave the patient prescriptions for pills.
I scratched my skin because i felt itching.
The man had an emergency surgery because he had a heart attack.
The man's arm muscles were swollen because he rubbed his arms.
The man raised his eyebrows because the man was discouraged.
I ignored my co-worker blunder because i thought he should have been more thoughtful.
The man stopped smoking because he started waking up earlier.
The woman punched the attacker in the nose because the attacker started bleeding.
Dart couldn't hit right because the man was losing the game.
The owner wanted his house to be sprayed against insects because he kept the ant farm in his room.
I offered my guest to eat out because my guest stayed at home longer than i expected.
The girl caught her brother reading her diary because he bought a new diary.
The woman could not afford the rent because resigned.
The boy suddenly withdrew his hand because he stroked the dog's head.
The company wanted to measure customer satisfaction because they sent surveys to their customers.
The wooden floor started to scratch because the teenager dragged a chair across the floor.
I kept my face because my opponent shook a punch.
The famous statue was burned because people came to respect him.
I left the fruit on the table because flies surrounded the fruit.
One of the ballerina's connective tissue was ruptured because he sprained his ankle.
The boy's shoelaces are untied because he ran around the playground.
I was fascinated by the book because i don't understand how time passed.
Adam had similar beliefs to his family because the family disowned her.
The car stopped slowly because the driver fell asleep.
The man ate his ice cream in the sun because the ice cream melted from the cone.
I hung artworks in the room because the wall was standing very empty.
I left work early because the boss held a meeting.
Puppy dirty on the carpet because the owner gave his dog a reward.
I apologized to my friend because my friend was angry.
The man was obviously rude because the man was wearing a neon jacket.
The eyewitness lied while under oath because he was accused of perjury.
The woman dyed her hair because he wanted to intervene.
Refugees were caught living illegally because they were deported.
The speaker exploded a joke because the audience stood up.
I looked at the sun because the sun made me tan.
I felt bored because i yawned.
The steak was difficult to cut because the steak was raw.
The woman declared her bankruptcy because he borrowed a lot.
The lights were on in my friend's house because i decided to visit him.
I put the flower under my nose because i smelled the flower.
The woman felt nostalgic because he shouted at his children.
The student postponed the writing homework because he sent his paper before he finished.
My car broke down because i called a car mechanic.
I ignored the note because it was not readable.
The bird flapped its wings because it started to rise.
I parked on the roadside because the garage was full.
The criminal pointed his gun at the victim because the victim raised his hands.
I was looking forward to the weekend because i had a plan to attend my friend's wedding.
I did not know how the time passed because i was feeling nauseous.
The printout I got was not legible because there was no paper in the printer.
The stadium played the national anthem because the fans jumped onto the field.
The sauce came light because i added salt.
I put a paper towel on the spilled thing because the liquid left a sticky mark.
They interrupted the woman in the middle of her book because he read the book from scratch.
The plane went into turbine because the man looked out the window.
The boy was startled because the girl poked him.
Doctors put prosthesis on the patient because they studied the signs of life.
The boy pinched the girl's elbow because the girl pulled her arm away from him.
I asked my friend for advice because i knew he was right.
The boy stepped into the mud because the mud splashed in his face.
A few inches of snow fell on the town because people hid it underground.
Employees' time is over because he threatened to resign.
The tree damaged the house because the tree cast a shadow over the garden.
The billet split in two because i hit the ax in the wood.
The family congratulated the couple because the couple announced that they would have a baby.
The girl sent a love letter to the boy because the girl kissed him.
Shaking my head I showed that I joined my friend because i agreed with him.
Friends tossed a coin because they wanted to make a decision.
The counter in the kitchen began to squeal because the man took the pizza out of the oven.
The woman set an ambitious goal because he worked hard.
The rich man passed away from old age because his son claimed his legacy.
The woman stepped on the flame because smoke came out of the flame.
The woman's car was repaired because he was involved in an accident.
I did not wake up to my alarm because i missed breakfast.
Famous got out of the limo because his family attended the press conference.
The woman lingered in the tub because tub water overflowed from tub.
The college student wanted to meet others on campus because he studied engineering.
I removed the sofa cushions because i was reorganizing the hall.
The bee flew towards the boy because the boy plucked a flower.
The woman was convicted of a crime because he was sentenced to death.
I mixed sugar with hot tea because sugar melted.
Gazi was bouncing and walking because he was wounded in battle.
The criminal escaped from the police because the police followed the criminal.
Laptop would not turn on because i charged it.
There is no room in the woman's closet because he folded his clothes.
The man is heartbroken because his wife left him.
The man received a license because job offer has been canceled.
The man's voice was well transmitted in the conference hall because he spoke into the microphone.
I threw a coin in the well because the coin was split in half.
The player hit the ball in the hole because the ball came back to the player.
I swallowed dust in the attic because i would sneeze.
The cashier called security because the customer forgot his headlights on.
I took the garbage out because i accidentally trashed my shopping list.
The family went to the zoo because the children chased the animals.
The man's breathing was very loud because his lungs were compressed.
I had an extra ticket to the concert because i asked my friend if he would like to come.
The air conditioner in the house is broken because i opened the windows.
The boy's back ached because his bag was heavy.
I bought a gift for my mother because it was his birthday.
The daffodils in the garden were destroyed because the squirrels scrape the bulbs of the plants.
I lit a match because the match caught fire.
Discussing groups have come to an agreement because they wanted to mend their relationship.
The children were sent to the orphanage because their families spoiled them.
A meteor crashed into the ocean because it started to rain full.
He was walking he came across a venomous snake because he panicked.
The oven is hot because i put the food in the oven.
I squeezed my lemon slice because lemon juice came out.
Ule made new lands because the country colonized the land.
The glass fell off the table because he fell on a pile of clothes.
The table was wobbling because the ground was slippery.
The father caught his child lying because the father trusted his child.
The man's head throbbed in pain because he drank aspirin.
The train slowed down because he was behind schedule.
The man went through the therapy process because he was diagnosed with depression.
The woman held her throat because he drowned in his bite.
The woman's throat hurt because he was speaking with an accent.
The dog was staring at the juicy steak on the table because he lay on the ground.
The woman's business was successful because he became rich.
The students left the class because the teacher gave homework.
The woman said she saw a ghost because their acquaintances found this incident close.
The man lost his hearing because he nearly died in an explosion.
The boy let go of the balloon rope because the balloon blew up.
The man lost his ability to speak because he took a deep breath.
The woman got stuck on the sidewalk because he heard someone call him.
The man jumped bombing into the pool because he wet the lifeguard.
I took antibiotics because my infection has spread.
The traffic light turned yellow because the driver honked on the horn.
The plastic container melted because i put the bowl on the hot stove.
There was a crash in the car because the driver took a red light.
The boy worked all night because he passed the exam.
The boy clung to the edge of the pool because the lifeguard was ready.
I put my hand on my chest because my heart rate quickened.
There was construction in the building at the foot of my office because my office was noisy.
The family wanted to know their neighbors because the family waved to their neighbors from the garden.
Water splashed out of the pool because the swimmer surfaced in the pool.
I bit a slice of watermelon because i accidentally broke my tooth.
The boy got stuck because his laces were not tied.
The woman put on the ear plugs because he had his ears pierced.
I refilled my water bottle because i kept it in the fridge.
The TV show was censored because he had a complex subject.
Ship sank because the crew encountered the pirates.
The boy found the riddle difficult because he asked for a tip.
The phone rang because the man held up the phone.
The woman was looking at me because i felt uncomfortable.
The group left the museum because they visited all the exhibitions.
The man started arguing with me because my friend protected me.
The wheel of my bike has dropped because i changed gears on the bike.
The girl looked pale because his father checked his forehead.
The pen is out of ink because i signed my signature.
The man's loan request was denied because the man started a business.
The girl did not go to school because he loved learning math.
The trash can was full because i spilled it from the sink.
I swept the carpet because my dog has shed hair.
The man got nervous because he tossed the chair across the room.
The girl threw a branch at the campfire because the fire went out.
The man came out of the shower because he could not find a towel.
His parents wanted their children to go to university because they encouraged their children to play outside.
The man took off the laces of his shoes because the shoes are worn.
The man ate half the vestibule because he recorded his recipe.
My wrist is swollen because i cream it on it.
My office door was open because i overheard what was spoken in the hallway.
I had to wait in line because i glanced at a magazine.
The man waved his arm at the fly because the fly stopped as it was.
The man wrote down his will because widowed.
The runner felt his opponent approach him because it accelerated.
I thought about the problem partially because a solution came to mind.
The passenger walked on the swinging vine bridge because he felt very happy.
The man had predicted his team would win because he made a bet with his friends.
The child could not sleep because he started counting the lambs.
