I became a Law and Order fan in 2011. I was recovering from a stroke. When I got home I tried to watch every episode. It was hard trying to binge watch 20 Year's of a show. Eventually I watched them all.
Everybody loved Bob because he played a popular character on film. Bob hated it because he was nothing like that character. Jim asked Bob to say his character's catch phrase. It was too much for Bob and he exploded with rage. Bob asked the man for tea.
Lita wanted to watch her favorite show on television. Her kids insisted that she sit down to watch it with them. Lita told them that she had chores to do. Her kids dragged her laundry basket to the living room. Lita folded the laundry while watching television.
Liv jumped as she was startled by a loud pop. She realized it was the light bulb in her kitchen burning out. She got out a footstool and stepped on to it. It wobbled under her and she almost fell. Liv then changed the light bulb.
Mother told her children it would be lunchtime in fifteen minutes. But then she got an important phone call. While she was talking, the dog dragged mud all over the kitchen. The kids started to pester their mother, who was still on the phone. The children's behavior calmed the mother down.
Hector has always bought coffee at a local shop before work. He realizes that his coffee buying habit is very expensive. One day Hector decides to brew coffee at home. He is proud that the coffee he made at home is so good. Hector started buying more coffee from Starbucks.
Kelly found out there was a new girl at school. When she walked into the school she went looking for her. When she met her, she invited her to sit with her at lunch. When they ate lunch, the girls became friends. Kelly was happy to have made a new friend.
Tommy trained hard to run his first 5K. During the race he felt frustrated when so many people passed him. When he heard his name called during awards he was shocked. He didn't realize they would do awards by age group. He was proud to finish first by age but tenth overall.
Laurie is going to her first formal dance tonight. Her date picked her up and gave her a beautiful rose. Laurie wore a long sparkling dressed. They danced and had fun with all of their friends. Laurie ended the night by kissing her date.
Neil was exploring historic railroads. He rode into Scranton, Pennsylvania. He realized it was a beautiful old train depot. He took lots of photos while he was there. Neil saved the photos on his computer.
Bob dreaded his first day working at a fast food fish joint. He planned to wait to put on his gaudy nautical uniform. Bob got to work making fish burgers after donning the uniform. He was so busy, he forgot to change back into his street clothes Bob went out after work wearing the sailor suit.
A friend came to visit. I told her that my dog bites. She did not listen. she tried to pet him and play with him. My dog ran away.
Lester has always wanted to be more artistic. He decides to try to draw a picture of a flower one day. He sits in front of a beautiful orchid and begins to draw. Lester's drawing comes out very well. He decides never to draw anything again.
Pablo likes to eat worms. He read a book in school on how to do this. He fries them in olive oil. He likes to do this at least once a month. Pablo does not enjoy eating worms.
Kira always loved Japanese culture. Many of her favorite movies were in Japanese. She decided that she would travel there. For Years she saved money for her trip. It was the best trip of her life.
Glen was in the mood for a walk. He put on his jacket and went outside. While walking on the sidewalk, he tripped and busted his knee open. Glen stood back up and limped back to his house. Glen swore he'd never walk again.
Jesus spent the day polishing the furniture. As night approached he surveyed the work he'd done. Everything looked shiny and new. Jesus invited all of his friends over for a party that evening. His friends polished his furniture.
I was walking to the store recently. As I was passing an exit, I felt cold, hard steel on my arm. I was shocked that I was being hit by a car! The driver was very apologetic after he saw I was hit. The driver of the car became very angry at me.
Gina's sister cut her ankle on broken glass. The blood ran down her foot and into her shoe. When she saw the blood she ran home. Gina ran behind her, but couldn't keep up. Gina's sister went to the doctor.
A little boy was in the third grade. He was very smart but struggled with reading. Whenever he read out loud his classmates laughed at him. He started to practice reading every single day. At the end of the year, he did well on his reading test.
Rosie's class was having a little party. She decided to make a fruit salad for everyone. She spent lots of money on the fruit and lots of time preparing it. On the day of the party she scooped a huge bowl of the fruit salad up. Rosie kept the bowl of fruit salad in her fridge at home.
Kelly was happy to have her new phone. She took it with her everywhere. Unfortunately she smashed it. Thankfully however she was able to get it fixed. Kelly bought a new phone.
While I was in college, I had met an older man. I was 22 and he was 38 years old. We had a good understanding and had a good time together. We stayed together the whole time I was there. I have negative memories of that time.
Bob wanted to be in the school play. He studied the part carefully. He rehearsed his lines often. On audition day, he did a great job. Bob was very ashamed.
Jackie has been designated eighth grade hall monitor. She is envied throughout the class. Classmates often put her job in jeopardy. They would steal Jackie's hall passes. Her classmates were given awards for their behavior.
My dad had just gotten a new car. To celebrate we all went for a drive. Another car ran a stop sign and crashed into us. I smacked the window hard enough to break it. We were both flattened by the vehicle.
My niece loves the Frozen movie. She always wants it put on. She goes around the house singing. She loves screaming let it go. She loves sports and hates princess things.
Alex was dribbling up the court, with his team down two points. He glanced at the scoreboard, and saw there was only 5 seconds left. His mind raced as he tried to find an open man. The defenders were sticking to his teammates like glue. He attempted a three-pointer and missed.
I came into the library and took a seat. When I looked around, I noticed a kid. He was staring at me for a while. I became frustrated and got up from by seat. I asked him what his problem was.
Iva and Brant were trying to conceive a child. They had been trying for six months with no success. At their doctor's appointment, they expressed discouragement. But then they saw the doctor smiling broadly. The couple will be happy to know they have a baby on the way.
Catherine has always been intrigued by the sport of Curling. Catherine loves watching the athletes play the sport on television. One day, Catherine decided she would visit a Curling practice session. At the practice, one of the athletes invited Catherine to play. Catherine thought curling looked boring.
Francis has always looked forward to learning how to drive. Finally he is old enough for a driver's license. Francis studies very hard to get a license. He passes his driver's test easily. Francis decides he would rather take public transportation.
Yesterday I had a great time seeing The Nutcracker. I absolutely loved it. As the dancers graced the stage it was beautiful. I felt honored to have seen the show. I wanted to see it again.
I woke up for my class at 8:30 in the morning. I drowsily got out of bed and took a shower. I quickly ate breakfast and began to walk to class. After 50 minutes of class, I began to walk back to my dorm. When I got there, I took a nap.
Gary wanted to get Lisa's attention. One day he decides to write Lisa a Poem. The next day at school, Gary sees Lisa in the hallway. Gary gives Lisa a really big smile and hands her the poem. Lisa confesses she also has a crush on Gary.
Carlos has always wanted to visit France. He decides that he should learn to speak French before he goes. He enrolls in a night class and studies very hard. Finally Carlos can speak French pretty well. Carlos makes the most of his French on his trip to Paris.
Lars had always wanted to try photography. His friend was an excellent photographer, but he had never tried. One day he bought a simple, but high quality, camera. From that day on, Lars shot images of nature every day. Lars hated photography.
I bought a television from an electronics store. It is a big flatscreen with a  high definition quality picture. The employee convinced me to buy a warranty for it just in case. A week later the television fell off my wall and broke. The employee was later found dead.
Ryan was at a park. And he saw a little girl holding a balloon. As he was leaving the park, he saw the same balloon stuck in a tree. He climbed the tree to retrieve the balloon. Ryan then found the girl and gave her the balloon she lost.
Jen's manager told her she needed to upload her resume. She realized her resume was not formatted properly. She transferred all of the content over to the proper template. Adding information on her latest job, she updated the resume. Jen hated washing dishes.
Neil was touring the city of Fez. He tasted their ethnic cuisine. Then he went shopping for souvenirs. Fez had great street performers as well, he noted. Neil and Fez became best friends.
I needed to take my dog for a walk. My neighborhood requires a leash. I looked through my house for the leash. I could not find it. I let my dog go inside the house.
It was a bright, warm day. So Joe thought it would be nice to take a walk. He decided to walk to his local coffee shop. But halfway there, he started getting tired. Joe regret going outside.
Jen was waiting for a package all day. Finally she saw the UPS man walking up to the door. He delivered the package and she brought it inside. She opened the package with a knife. Jen found her new coat inside the package.
Frank did not want to do his homework. He wanted to play video games instead. Frank's parents told him to do his homework first. Frank threw a tantrum and got punished. Frank got an all new game.
Timmy was competing in the 3 point competition at his school. The winner would have a chance to win a $1000 college scholarship. Timmy practiced shooting 3 pointers all weekend. He was ready when the day of the competition arrived. Timmy went to the driving range the day of competition.
Drake attended a party on Friday. He discovered that his wallet had been stolen from his coat. Drake immediately called the police, but the wallet was not found. Drake confronted the host of the party about the issue. Drake told the host he wanted to attend his parties again.
Bob discovered his truck had a flat tire. He had never changed a tire before. He got out the tire jack and iron. He couldn't remove the bolts. Bob drove his truck to the market.
Jack is tired of writing emails on his tablet computer. He decides he needs to invest in a laptop. He researches different laptops until he has found the perfect one. Finally he buys it. Jack now uses the postal service instead of email.
Jake's hair was getting a bit too long. He had a job interview coming up. He asked his mother to cut his hair. His mother gave him a nicely cut professional looking haircut. Jake got the job.
Sean came over today. Sam, Sean, and I played games. They started to get mad at me about how bad I was. They said I couldn't play anymore until I got better. I was really pleased.
Sarah wanted to mail a card. She went to the post office. She paid for stamps. She put the letter in an enveloped. Sarah's letter was soon heading to its destination.
Chuck was tired from working. He closed his work for a while. He opened up the forum to chat with coworkers. After those nasty Zoltar hits he needed this break. He then felt compelled to get back to work.
Bob used plastic grocery bags to go shopping. Then, his friend told him that plastic is bad for the environment. Bob decided to forego his plastic bags. Bob invested in some reuseable grocery bags. Bob continued to use his plastic grocery bags to go shopping.
Joe needed to get a portrait of himself for a project. He called up some local artists and asked their rates. One of the artists had reasonable rates. Joe made an appointment with that artist to do the portrait. The artist painted a Joe's cat.
Ann was trying to quit smoking. She made several attempts but always failed. Then she applied to nicotine patch to help her. And help her it did! Ann was able to quit smoking successfully.
Jen got sent to her aunt's for the summer. She hated the thought of being away from her local library all summer. She took a few books with her but she would go through those quickly. When she arrived her aunt took her into a special room in her home. The room was full of shelves of books that appealed to girls.
Yesterday was Rob's tooth cleaning. He is normally really afraid of dentists. But there's a cute new nurse at the office. So he was excited to go. Rob was bummed when the cute nurse wasn't in that day.
Joe loved to eat dirt. He would make mud pies every chance he got. He was eating a pie when he felt something very hard in his mouth. Joe had bitten down on a rock and knocked out his tooth. Joe decided not to eat dirt again.
Rob has never been on a rollercoaster. Rob's friends offered him a free ticket to six flags. Rob decided he may as well join. They all went and waited a long line. Rob's friends were thoughtless.
Carly was waiting for Sam to call her. He promised to on Friday. It was now late Saturday and she hadn't heard anything. Finally she decided to call him. Carly ordered take-out over the phone.
Amy came home from school on her birthday to an empty house. She was upset that everyone had forgotten her special day. She walked sadly into the living room. Suddenly, her friends and family jumped out from their hiding spots. Amy walked out of the room and left the house.
Pan tried to hit me for no apparent reason. As mad I was, I simply defended her punch. She continued to throw her fist at me. In efforts to stop her, I threw her on the ground. I gave Pan a big hug.
Becky has a cousin named Ashley. Becky and Ashley used to be friends when they were kids. Ashley started being stupid when she grew up. She went to jail for stealing tampons from a dollar store. Becky is proud of Ashley.
Pam and Tom's baby was a light sleeper. Their thoughtless neighbor often left his dog outside barking all day. Every time Pam got her baby to sleep, the dog started barking. Pam fantasized about unleashing the dog so it would run away. One night, Pam decided to release the dogs.
May was accepted to college in Fredonia. She took the bus to her new school. She explored the campus. She loved everything she saw. She even liked all of her professors.
Mary needed to have teeth pulled. She wanted the dentist to put her to sleep. All he could do was numb the area with Novocaine. Mary stared at him in horror. Mary left the dentist in a great mood.
Ford was proud of his high GPA. He worked every evening on assignments in order to improve it. Ford's friends warned him that he was missing out on fun. Later in life, Ford became a successful lawyer. Ford was proud of his accomplishments.
My wife says I lack passion. That I don't have many hobbies or interests. I tried to argue but couldn't. I realized she was right. I am unmarried.
Nina wanted a nice Halloween costume. But she could not afford anything fancy. She looked through her house for ideas. Then she found a great costume for free. Nina was excited.
Veronika liked hiking in the woods. One day she was on a trail and found a tree house. She climbed the ladder and was amazed at all the stuff in the house. It was fully furnished with a furniture and blankets. Veronika decides to visit the tree house more often.
It was a beautiful spring day in early March. Tracey decided to go for a walk in the woods behind her house. She was heard a woodpecker and began looking for it in the trees. She tripped over a root and fell on the path. Tracey shrugged off her fall.
Bob was really thirsty and wanted a soda. Unfortunately, he didn't have any money. Bob walked into a gas station and asked if he could have a soda. The cashier asked him if he had any money. He decided to go for a run.
Jim was waiting at the airport. His wife would be there in an hour. He was very bored. He then decided to catch up on his book. Jim drove away before his wife showed.
Joe really wanted to attend Columbia University. He worked really hard in school, was on the soccer team. He got put on the waiting list. Although he was disappointed, he tried his best to the very end. Joe decided he didn't want to go to college.
Gina's friend Tami had a folder she didn't want anyone else to have. Gina wanted one but didn't know where to buy one. Now Tami had a new Lisa Frank Trapper Keeper. Gina was jealous since she wanted one too. Gina mowed the whole yard and had no help from anyone.
Leah had a beautiful Christmas tree in her house. One day, she left to go to the store. When she returned, the tree was knocked over. Her cat had climbed it and pulled it down! Leah chastised her cat.
Peter had used the same chair for Years. It was becoming worn out. He decided to buy a new, more comfortable chair. When it arrived Peter was very happy. Peter let his dog use the chair for its own.
Rex is getting ready for a party tonight. He realizes he hasn't prepared anything for guests to eat with cheese. Rex runs out to get a baguette. He slices it into thin even slices to make it easy to eat. Everyone enjoyed the cheese and bread.
Ali always takes the train to get to work each day. One day she was very sick but still went to work. She worked hard all day and even took work home. She got on the train and fell asleep. She missed her stop and had to take a bus home.
The football team had worked hard all season. They had won every game and made it to the championship. There were only seconds left on the clock and the game was tied. The quarterback through a long pass and the receiver scored. The crowd all stood up in their seats and applauded wildly.
We live in a high rise building. One day the wind was strong, partly due to the height of the building. The wind blew the tree branches so much my wife could not sleep. The wind also knocked down the internet cable. We loved the strong wind and lack of sleep.
Kate wanted to buy a new keyboard for her computer. She saved up for months to afford a good keyboard. Kate finally went online and ordered her keyboard! She waited excitedly for days for its arrival. Then  her keyboard arrived in the mail.
Jon graduated from college and began his job search. He applied for jobs in his field every day. Three weeks after he began, he got a call. The person calling asked if he would be interested in an interview. Jon rejected the offer.
Julie loved to read anything she could get her hands on. Most of her time was spent in the library. Her favorite library was staffed by Miss Watson. Miss Watson saw Julie's love of books and offered her a job. Julie punched her friend in the eye.
Amy's family was going to Six Flags. She sat patiently in the car waiting to arrive. When the arrived she sat on her knees surveying the park. She waited in line for an hour to ride the largest roller coaster. Amy thought the park was boring.
Steve was in a hurry to get to the football game. On the highway, Steve drove his car very fast. The highway patrol stopped Steve's car. The officer wrote Steve a ticket for speeding. Steve was upset.
My daughter went to her first birthday party for a friend. She was so excited leading up to the party. She talked of nothing else for a week. She went to the party and had a blast. When she came home she fell asleep immediately, exhausted.
Bob needed money to buy food. He was sad that he couldn't eat because he had no money. He decided to write a book about his hard life. People immediately praised the book and bought thousands of copies! The public reaction to the book means Bob still goes hungry.
I just completed my first marathon today. It was about six miles and I worked real hard. I trained for it for about three months. It's always been on my to do list in life I'm really disappointed in myself.
Bobby folded his fruit roll-up into the shape of an airplane. He wound up his arm and threw roll-up airplane as hard as he could. It was far too heavy, though, and fell like a brick. Bobby decided that planes should be made out of paper. Bobby was thirty-five years old.
Sam was stargazing one night. Suddenly he sat bolt upright. He saw a twinkling, moving star! He ran to show it to his dad. Sam's dad was glad his son was interested in geology.
John and Meg had dated for five Year's. John loved Meg, and wanted to marry her. He decided to ask her to marry him tonight, after a movie date. When they walked out of the movies, he suddenly dropped to his knees. He asked her to marry him.
A beautiful bunch of bananas dangled just out of reach. Bobby tried throwing his shoe, but it got stuck. He tried climbing the tree, but he fell. Next, he whacked furiously with a hoe, but it was too short to reach. Bobby went into the shed to get a ladder to get the bananas.
Beth was recovering from an illness. She was finally able to eat food after 4 days. Although she was better she wasn't well. She decided to take Friday off from school and take time to heal. Beth played football on her Friday off.
Rhonda bought some new pink socks to wear. She loved them. When she took them off, though, they got mixed in with other laundry. On laundry day she washed her clothes without sorting them. Sadly, they were ruined and Rhonda had to buy a new pair.
The sea was frightening during a storm. Marcus hated the way the boat rose up and crashed down. It made him sick to his stomach. He cowered in his cabin and shut his eyes but it didn't help. Marcus then vomited from sea sickness.
Yesterday, Anna decided to take a nap. She got comfortable in her chair and closed her eyes. Just as she fell asleep, her daughter's puppy jumped into her lap! She was very surprised. The kitten was very cute.
Chuck loves this bar by his house. He goes there all the time with friends. He was on his way there one day and noticed it was closed. It had been put out of business. Chuck was happy that place finally closed down.
Steve was sitting in the cafe. While at the cafe, he usually read a book. However, today he forgot his book. He had no choice but to do a lot of thinking. While thinking, Steve came up with an idea for a novel.
John was driving to the store when he realized he forgot his wallet. His driver's license was in the wallet. Police lights started flashing behind him. After pulling over he told the officer he forgot his wallet at home. The officer was understanding.
Tom enjoyed puzzles growing up. He was not just outside of the escape room adventure. He calmed his breathing and readied himself mentally. Thirty minutes later, he exited the escape room in record time. Tom was upset that he did poorly.
Gina was bored while cleaning her room. But it had to be done. She decided to turn on the radio. There was a song she never heard before. Gina got dressed and left for work.
A small snowstorm came through a town. The school roof buckled under the weight. A janitor climbed on top to inspect. The roof shook under the new weight. The janitor was frightened.
My birthday was yesterday. To my surprise my friends planned a party for me. I could not believe it. The party was very fun. It was the best birthday party ever.
My mother threw out her old dictionary. I retrieved it from the trash. Sitting with it, I found myself smelling it. It reminded me of the scent of an old library. It smelled so good that I ate it.
Our parents took us to Paragon Park in 1963. We took a ferry from Rowes Wharf in Boston. We rode the carousel, the whip, and the caterpillar. We played skeeball. I have no memory of going to Paragon Park.
My favorite movie is the Wizard of Oz. I used to think it was real when I was young. Whenever I watched it, I felt immersed in the movie. The characters took me away into the Land of Oz. I did not like the Wizard of Oz.
Mary Ann went for a walk on a trail at the park. She passed people with children and animals. She passed people jogging and riding bikes. She saw a lot of plants. Mary Ann finished making her salad and enjoyed eating it.
One day, a dog moved into a family that had two cats. One cat didn't mind the new dog, but the other cat was scared. He meowed loudly and scratched the dog's nose. He leaped from one side of the room to the other to escape the dog. The dog found him and mauled him.
My favorite animal is the Arabian Oryx. I can't usually see them because it's an African antelope. I have to go to zoos. My family bought me a nice present for my birthday this year. They gave me a book on the history of the computer.
Everyday, I nag my daughter to do her homework. I finally decided that it is her own responsibility. Sure enough, she didn't do it one evening. I sent her to bed anyway, knowing she would get in trouble at school. She played basketball with her friends all afternoon.
A young boy wanted to pitch for his baseball team. He practiced a lot with his brothers. At practice his coach let him try out as pitcher. The boy did not do well. The coach offered the boy the starting pitcher position.
Sue woke up in the middle of the night to an awful smell. She could not figure out what it was. She looked around the room. Then she noticed saw it. Sarah found spoiled milk on her desk.
Mark notices that his teeth are beginning to hurt one day. He decides to visit his dentist to see what is the matter. The dentist tells Mark that he needs to have his wisdom teeth removed. Mark agrees to have the surgery done. Mark's coworker told him he wasn't going to vote in the election.
Lulu had just moved into her new home. She had a dishwasher for the first time. She decided to run a load of dishes that night. In the compartment, she poured some dish soap. Lulu turned on the dishwasher.
Farmer Bill called out the the cows in the field. The came running in for their food. Bill poured out some grains for the cows in big bins. The cows happily ate their dinner. Bill searched for the cows.
Terry left the hospital frustrated and disheartened. He had trouble opening his car door with a broken thumb. At home, he asked his sister to loan him money for surgery. She agreed on the condition that he get a job with insurance. Terry's sister decided to get surgery on her thumb.
Mary has worked at a car dealership for two Year's without selling. Her boss tells her that she needs to sell a car soon. One day a couple comes into the dealership and asks to see a car. Mary sells them a very big, expensive car. Mary is sad she sold a car.
Brie and her cat moved in with her boyfriend and his cat. The two cats hated each other. They spent most of their hissing each other. One night, six months later, the cats decided to cuddle. Brie hated cheese.
Tim needed a new kitchen floor. His was old and cracked. So he went shopping for new tiles. He found great tiles and brought them home. Tim returned the tiles to the store the next day.
Dave decided one day he wanted to go see a nickelback show. He ordered a few tickets. He then invited some of his friends. They all went to the show, and had a good time Dave took control of the helicopter and landed on the field.
There is a cemetery with 199 grave stones. 12 men brought a casket. 12 men put the casket in the ground. Men and women wept together. They mourned for losses.
Joe felt confident going into his boxing match. He dominated the first four rounds. He got hit with a left hook that cut his eye in the fifth. The last seven rounds were a back and forth affair. Joe finished the fight with no cuts or injuries.
The nastiest thing happened to Jimmy. He picked up a bag of potato chips from his bedroom floor. On his way out the door, he ate some chips. Outside, his friend said, why are there ants crawling on your bag? Jimmy ate another chip from the bag.
My son participated in a cub scout toy car derby. Father and son teams designed small matchbox cars. Some teams designed fancy cars. We designed a simple car, which actually won the derby. My son was happy that we won.
Brian tried out for the hockey team this year. Unfortunately he did not make the team. The coach said that he needed to be faster on skates. Brian spent all winter working on his speed skating. He decided not to try out for the team.
Kelly was skiing when suddenly she heard a large commotion behind her. She looked back and saw a wall of snow coming towards her. She panicked and started skiing faster down the slope. As the avalanche caught up to her she quickly jumped into some trees. Kelly was able to ski uphill on the avalanche.
Harry really wanted to see the new Star Wars movie. He waited in line at the box office on opening day. He was able to buy a ticket for himself. He watched the entire movie. Harry really liked the movie.
Mark was starting a new job the next day. He was nervous about being around so many strangers. He barely slept any the night before due to anxiety. When he entered the building he was greeted warmly by many people. He realized he would fit in perfectly at the new job.
Ellen had a baby daughter who slept in a crib in her own room. One morning Ellen did not hear her baby fussing, so she went to check. Her daughter was not moving or breathing! Ellen called the police in a terrible panic. Ellen felt really calm.
Pearl collected CDs with ugly cover art. She prized a jazz CD with two dolphins photoshopped together. Her sister stole the CD while angry with her. Pearl's heart sank and she implored her sister to return it. Pearl's sister was seeking revenge.
Anna went to the beach. The tide drew out, and she saw a tide pool. She went to inspect it, and she was amazed at all the life in it. There were fish, sea urchins, starfish - it was incredible! Anna felt disappointed by her trip to the shore.
Brianna complained bitterly when her family went camping. It would ruin her hair and nails and there was no tv. However, she forgot these things when she tasted her first S'MORE. Munching her treat, she gazed at the huge, starry sky in awe. Brianna loved s'mores.
Shay was hiking in the woods. Then she realized she was lost! She tried not to panic. She retraced her steps until she found her way back to camp. Shay felt overwhelming relief.
Troy was the best player on his basketball team. His team was playing in the championship game tonight. Troy scored 56 points to win the game for his team. He carried a huge trophy after the game. The next morning he found he'd made the front page of the paper.
Simon got food poisoning. He thought back on all the restaurants he's recently visited. He called his friends who ate with him on these occasions. One of his friends informed him he was also sick with food poisoning. They went back to eat at the same restaurant.
Arnold was scared of birds. One day he was at a picnic. A bird was flying in the distance. It landed on his food. Arnold screamed in terror!
One day Adam bought two BB guns. He gave one to his son, Christian. Christian wanted to play with the guns in the house. Christian shot the gun and broke the screen on the television. Adam was very proud of Christian.
Kip was disappointed there wasn't any snow. He whined to his parents that it just wasn't Christmas without it. They told him to go to bed. Kip stomped his way to his room and eventually fell asleep. Kip dreamed of snowflakes.
Ben has always wanted to learn how to play piano. Now that his children are grown up, he has more spare time. Ben enrolls in a piano class with a local tutor. Although it is difficult, he is dedicated to learning. He gets better with every lesson.
Benson was bullied at school by another boy. Benson began losing sleep about it. He finally told his teachers at school about it. The teachers approached the bully about the problem. The bully was expelled.
My father and I were making space for plants in the backyard. We dug for several minutes trying to make room. I found a box that was buried in the ground. When I looked inside, there was a dead animal. I was so happy.
Karen had gone away for school, leaving behind her partner Sam. Sam was missing Karen, but he had a plan to fix that. On a long weekend, Sam took the train upstate to go visit Karen. Karen who was missing Sam, had a plan to fix it as well. She broke up with Sam, leaving him heartbroken.
Joey was camping with his friends. He wanted to start a fire to roast marshmallows. He found some sticks and logs in the woods. He used a match to light the logs. Then he roasted marshmallows.
Diana cleans offices buildings for a living. She washes toilets and scrubs floors. On Friday she was really sick and nauseous at work. She couldn't take the day off. She threw up in the toilet.
Jason's best friend is getting married in India next year. Jason decides that he wants to learn Hindi before the wedding. He hires a tutor and practices speaking Hindi every day. When the wedding day arrives, Jason is fluent in Hindi! Jason's best friend was not impressed.
Todd and Ashley were dating. Todd got irritated with Ashley. He gave her the silent treatment. Ashley got upset. She decided not to speak to Todd either.
My friends and I got invited to a party at college. We got all dressed up for the exciting event. We were all so excited to have fun! At the party, we danced the whole time. We had a great time!
Kelly and her friends decided to have a baking party. The girls decided to bake some cookies. They baked chocolate and oatmeal cookies. After they were done they wrapped them in bags. They gave all the hamburgers to passerby.
Girls are a lot of trouble. Sometimes they say things they do not mean. Last one I talked to lied to me. She told me she was rich. This proves girls tell the truth all the time.
It was a very cold day. The snow was coming down very hard for many hours. The people of Lansing were stuck in their homes without power. The storm brought three feet of snow to the city. School was cancelled.
Larry was playing golf with his father. Larry was feeling really energetic from his coffee earlier. He hit the ball as hard as he could on his first swing. Larry got a hole in one! Larry was excited  to have scored his first hole in one.
Candy woke up excited because it was her birthday. But the whole day went by and no one gave her any gifts. She began to feel depressed and thought everyone had forgotten. Later, she got hungry and headed for the kitchen, but stopped. She is very happy no one gave her gifts.
Recently, I became very unhappy with my job. I decided to look around for a new one so I would be happy. I applied to many different places. One place called me back and I went for an interview. I went to the interview and was happy to get the job.
Lindsey really wanted a new pair of shoes. The shoes were very expensive. She decided to save up her money. After several weeks, she could get the shoes. She bought and enjoyed the shoes.
Ora had been dared not to shower in order to join a sorority. She couldn't imagine going without clean water for a week! Then she thought of a loophole. They hadn't said Ora couldn't take a bath! Ora took a shower.
On Allison's 25th birthday her family took her to bingo. She had never played before and was nervous. After they showed her how to play she was excited to begin. On the fourth game she got a bingo. Allison thinks bingo is boring.
Nya wanted to see the parade downtown. She caught three buses. Then she took the subway. She made it downtown just in time. Nya was excited to be able to watch the parade.
Madeline was thrilled to get a new purse at Saks. Her mother took her to the bag department. Madeline immediately saw a pink bag she loved. She could not believe how amazing it was. Madeline's mother happily bought the bag for her.
Tom bought a new plant. He kept it by his bed. The plant stopped growing. His mother said it needed sunlight. Tom closed his windows to block out as much sunlight as possible.
Yu Darvish is a pitcher for the Texas Rangers. For the last two seasons he has been injured. According to reports, he is finally healthy and able to play. Ranger fans are hopeful he will be a leader for their pitchers. Ranger fans are looking forward to his return.
Avery received a homework assignment due in two weeks. She immediately read through the task. She made a schedule and broke it up into tasks for each day. She completed the tasks on their scheduled day. Avery finished her project early.
Chester decides to go to the mall one afternoon. He does not intend on buying anything, but just wants to walk around. However, he sees a very nice shirt on sale. Chester buys the shirt because the price is so good. Chester was very pleased with the shirt he bought.
Gina realized she needed to get to work on her report. She had wasted the whole day and only had one left to complete it. She sat down and began to work. Her mother wanted her to wash the dishes. Gina was glad she had wasted her day.
Tuesdays are laundry days at my apartment. We have been too busy the last couple of Tuesdays. Now we have almost no clean clothes left. I'm dressed foolishly and still smell bad. I will do laundry right now.
It was a beautiful summer day outside. Bob decided to go for a walk at the park. Bob walked along the path and admired the scenery. He found a twenty dollar bill on the ground. He was disappointed.
Meghan and Scott wanted to see their favorite band play in a concert. Tickets went on sale online and the server was very busy. Meghan and Scott were trying hard to buy tickets. Just when the concert was almost sold out, Meghan found two tickets. They were disappointed.
John had just graduated high school, and was about to go to college. His mom helped him pack all his stuff, and he drove away. When he got there, he went to check out his dorm. His new roommate was there, and they hit it off. He thought college was going to be miserable.
Jackie had been a long distance runner for many Year's. Despite her very full iPod, she became bored with music. One of her running friends recommended an audible book. She loaded a new release to her iPod. She was glad she is never bored of music.
Ari's friends dared her to spend the night in the local haunted house. Ari tentatively agreed. She climbed in through the house's window. Then she snuggled up with her blanket in the corner. She turned on the stove and made herself dinner.
Sam drove around with his high beams on. One of his headlights was out and he thought it was safer. He was pulled over last night. The cop gave him a ticket and told him to fix it. Sam was unhappy.
One night, a group of friends decided to play with a Ouija board. It was all in fun, and they played for an hour. After playing, they laid down for bed. Minutes later, they heard a strange banging sound on the floor. They all freaked out naturally.
Jan was tired of winter and cold weather. She saw a commercial advertising a car that would be great for a trip. She bought the car and planned the trip on a map. She drove all over the state of Florida. By the time she got home it had become warmer due to spring.
Neil had just arrived in Iran. He was enthralled with the cities and countryside. He thought the mountains were so beautiful. The language and people were wonderful too. He left immediately.,
Andrew had been single for many Year's. While he wanted a girlfriend he did not know how to approach anyone. Finally a friend introduced Andrew to a nice young lady. Andrew asked her out on a date. The girl cried hysterically.
Amy was running late for her flight. She hurried through airport security. She could hear her name over the speaker near her gate. She ran top speed and greeted annoyed stewardess. She boarded her flight just in time.
Ana was tanning on the beach. She dozed off in the warm sun. She woke three hours later. Her eyes widened as she looked in the mirror. Ana was extremely sunburnt.
Paul felt brave so he tried to join the Army. The Army said he was too weak to join. Paul was undeterred so he then tried to join the Navy. The Navy refused him because Paul couldn't swim. Paul was very pleased with his results.
The cat chased the mouse across the empty warehouse. Running in fear, the rodent moved as fast as it could. The larger feline stayed close behind. It was terrified. The cat decided to lay down and take a nap.
Neil flew into Russia. There, he visited tourist sites and saw friendly locals. He found that Russia was colorful and vibrant. It also had a great and rich history. Neil found the trip dull.
Mary makes candles. She enjoys this as a hobby. Mary took one to her friend as a gift. Everyone loved the candles and asked to buy one. Mary felt unappreciated.
It was summer and Gina and her sister were bored. They decided to watch music videos. There was the music video channel or the black entertainment channel. They chose to watch the black entertainment channel. Gina disliked spending time with her sister.
I was really excited I was going to the beach. I made sure to pack everything up in my car. I drove there and put on my swim trunks. When I came out of the dressing room, it started to rain. My plans were ruined, and I went home.
Arnold was scared of cats. He thinks all of them are creepy. One day he visited his girlfriend's house. His girlfriend has a cat. Arnold dumped his girlfriend.
Leah is a full time college student who wants a part time job. Leah searches craigslist and finds an entry level position. Leah applies and the next day get a call for an interview. Leah goes to the interview and does really well. Leah gets the job.
Yesterday I went to toys r us. I had to get gifts for my cousins. I loaded my cart up. Thankfully I found out they had a sale. Because I'm a cheapskate it suited me well.
Bob was driving from Texas to Florida. He refused to stop at hotels for a break. After fifteen hours of driving, he was tired. He began to fall asleep. Bob decided to stay at a nearby hotel for the night.
I got my concert tickets. I drove to Chicago. I could not believe I was seeing a Beatle. I was 30 rows from the front of the stage. I began to tremble uncontrollably with terror and dread.
Maggie noticed a bat was flying around her ceiling. She panicked and didn't know what to do. She decided to hide in her room and call the exterminator. Suddenly, her cat comes in her room holding something in his mouth. It was the bat.
It was summer. And Jeff's room was very hot. He saw dark blinds advertised to block heat. And he thought it would make a noticeable difference. Joe was pleased when he put up the new blinds.
Joey's uncle showed him a marble. He teased Joey and said it was his glass eye. Later, Joey played marbles with friends. One boy said his marble was a cat's eye. Joey took his baseball and went home.
Around 11am, the school's fire alarm went off. Rushing towards the door, the students stopped when gunshots rang out. Then the teacher instructed them to hide under their desks. Diving under their desks, the students were petrified. They then played heads down thumbs up.
Jeffries's remote ran out of batteries. It stopped working completely. He needed to replace them. So he went to the store to buy some more. He made sure all of his bills were paid on time.
I've always wanted to be able to bike thirty miles at one time. Right now I can only bike about twenty miles at once. I got myself a biking trainer who helped me make progress. I worked hard for a few months and ate all the right foods. I am so out of shape I can't even bike a mile.
My family has always loved camping, me not so much. The summer I was 19 was the last time I camped. First our car broke down and we were stranded in the heat for hours. I burned my hand cooking dinner, fell in the lake and eaten by bugs. I decided never to go camping again.
My professor assigned my class an essay. By the time I left the classroom, I had forgotten about it. A few days later, my classmate messaged me to ask if I had done it. I was so upset because I had totally forgotten! I was sure I would get an A if I didn't turn in my essay.
Sally believes her boss is trying to fire her. She stays late to make sure her work is correct. Sally is still on edge. She decides to set up a meeting with her boss. Sally hopes her boss will keep her.
We decided we would learn to make candy. We checked out a book on the subject and read up. Then, we set to work trying. We realized greatly overestimated how hard it was to make candy. We decided to sell our candy to a local boutique.
Will was very wild in kindergarten, and did not listen to his teacher. His father was very upset with him. He pointed to the school janitor, and told Will that was his future. Will did not want to clean up the school bathrooms. Will wanted to be a janitor.
Emily was very nervous to get her shots at the doctor's office. She hid under the table and cried. When the nurse gave her the shot, Emily reached out and hit her. Both Emily and the nurse were surprised and in pain. Emily's parents cheered her on.
My friends and I were playing outside. We wanted to play a new game. We decided to play street hockey since we weren't familiar with it. We went outside and got out gear. We put the gear away and went our separate ways.
One day, my computer mouse stopped working. I went to the store to buy a new one. Every mouse I found was too expensive. I went home and decided to try and fix my mouse. I decided to quit using the computer.
Samantha was driving to class. She noticed that she forgot her textbook at home. She drove back home in order to get it. She arrived in class 25 minutes late. I was better for her to be late than to be unprepared.
It was my first time skiing and I was not doing well. I skied directly in the path of another skier. We collided and both fell to the ground. The other skier told me his name was Jack and it was nice to meet me. I thought Jack was very rude.
Gabe needed a desk in his room. But he didn't have a lot of money. He found plywood in his garage. So he made a desk out of it. He polished the wood after he built the desk.
Rick told his friends that he hated camping. They bugged him until he went camping anyway. One night, he awoke to a snake in his tent. He ran screaming from the tent. Rick petted the snake happily.
Jerry wanted to start a new career. He searched the classified ads for job postings. He found a desirable posting in one of the ads. He emailed his resume to the recruiter. Then recruiter set up an interview for Jerry.
Emile wanted to be a great chef. He took lessons and worked hard learning how to cook. He practiced his cooking and served food for friends. His friends loved his cooking and encouraged him. Emile stopped talking to his friends.
Ella had packed a picnic for her family. But she had forgotten to bring forks! They had no way to eat their chicken and watermelon. Then they all started to laugh and eat with their hands. Ella's family was mad at her the rest of the day.
Emily woke up early to get ready for school last Monday. Before she got dressed, she checked to see if school was canceled. It had snowed so much that school was cancelled. Emily was happy and decided to stay inside and read on her day off. She finished her latest book.
Joline went to the nail salon to get a manicure. The nail technician cleaned and trimmed her nails. Joline could not decide what color nail polish she would like. The nail technician suggested a design that used multiple colors. Joline decide to take the technician's advice.
Harry secretly hated haunted houses, but couldn't let his friend down. Faking a brave face, the went forth into the darkened house. He managed to make it all way through without screaming out loud. At the very end, they fell through a trick floor into a bunch of goo. Harry was so happy to be in the goo.
Bobby wanted to be a wrestler. He took wrestling in high school. Then he joined a team in college. Soon he was wrestling professionally. He retired early due to injury.
Joan decided to treat herself to a fancy sushi dinner. But the food was bad and the waiter was even worse! She asked for the manager but he never bothered to come. Although it was unlike her, Joan got so mad she left without paying. Joan went to the restaurant the next night.
Jesse had always wanted to get a tattoo. Her parents were very against the idea of tattoos. One her 18th birthday she decided to get one. She got a small tiara tattoo on her shoulder. Jesse's parents were excited to see the tattoo.
Juliette wanted to be a scientist when she grew up. She decided she must perform an experiment. She emptied a box of baking soda into a pan. Then she poured in vinegar. Juliette was bored.
Jaclyn came over to hang out with Robs girlfriend. Jaclyn and Rob do not get along. Rob tried very nice to keep the peace and be nice. Jaclyn kept saying very snide comments and remarks Rob was very happy about spending time with Jaclyn.
Sharon and her sister drove to the grocery store to pick up eggs. They were going to have dinner guests and were baking a cake. On the way into the house Sharon tripped and fell. The eggs flew out of her hands and landed on the concrete. Sharon broke all of the eggs.
There once was a slave trader. He found god and changed his wicked ways. He wrote a song about his conversion. That song became famous and popular. The slave trader became very famous and rich from his song.
Ella went out sledding one afternoon. She had fun at first. Then she slipped off the sled. She cut her forehead on a rock in the ground. Ella was unscathed from the fall.
Steph usually ate a large breakfast. But her new job meant she had less time to make food. So Steph decided to eat simpler food and smaller portions. And in a month, she lost 10 pounds. She felt like a complete failure.
Bobby was a star football player at his school. He would always get recognition for his talent. One day he was in a very important game. His arm was hurt in the process. Bobby took time to recover from the injury.
Susan went to the movie theater with her friends. Susan used her cell phone in the theater to check her e-mail. An usher came and asked Susan to leave the theater. Susan had to wait in the lobby while her friends finished the movie. Susan was very happy with the experience.
Margie had a Christmas cactus. It never bloomed. She gave the plant to Desi. Desi took good care of the plant. The goldfish were very happy and healthy.
Gina had been at the park with her friend Pam for hours. Now the sun was setting. She said her goodbyes and headed home. When she arrived it was dark out. Gina decided that it wasn't late enough and went back outside.
Avery was very excited. Tonight was his very first basketball game. He had practiced and his parents came to watch him. Avery played well with his teammates and even scored some points! Avery's parents were ashamed of him.
Gary loved to garden. Spring was quickly approaching and he wanted to start planting. He checked the Almanac to see which plants were safe for the garden. Tom decided to plant some orchids. The orchids would be beautiful.
Bay was nervous. Her boyfriend had been acting weird all through dinner. Bay thought he was going to dump her. But then he got on one knee. And he started laughing hysterically.
Tommy was having a bad day. His friends tried to cheer him up by taking him out. He grumbled but went along. He drank and danced with his friends all night. Tommy had bad friends.
Ariel is our 5 month old baby. She had woke up the other morning extremely fussy. We couldn't figure out what was wrong at first. We then seen a fresh tooth popping through her gum line. We had a week of hell as her tooth came in.
Amelia decided to take a vacation to Mexico. She booked her flight and hotel. When she got to Mexico, she was sure to visit many different things. She loved every moment of it. Amelia decided to vacation to Mexico more often.
Sometimes my kids wondered if Santa Claus was real. Each year we left cookies and milk for him on Christmas Eve. Each Christmas day we found an empty cup and cookie crumbs. One year we found cookie pieces outside in the snow. We told the kids it was thanksgiving.
Amy woke up extra hungry today. Unfortunately, she also woke up very late. She rushed around the house and had no time for breakfast. When she made it to work, she realized her coworker brought breakfast! She did not want to eat.
The school received a grant to make a computer lab. Their IT department did a lot of research to find the best equipment. They bought the equipment with the grant money. The computer lab was a great success. Kids suffered from the computer labs.
I was captain of the tennis team. We were playing our division rivals. I was tied with my opponent. I had advantage of the deuce. I won the match.
Ben is the coach of the basketball team and he held try outs today. He has to cut this one kid because he is not good enough. He feels bad because he knows the kid will be disappointed. He gives the kid advice and things to work on for next season. The kid is very proud of himself.
Officer Dunn didn't want to hurt anyone during the protest. He told several people to leave but they didn't. He unleashed his police dog. The dog bit a mother and her baby. Officer Dunn was shocked about what his dog had done.
I noticed my hair was getting kind of long. I decided to try and get it cut that afternoon. Once I found a suitable barber, I dropped by for a cut. There wasn't a line, it was super quick! He made the best sandwich in town.
I drove my motorcycle across the street. I took a path that led to a riding track. I did a few laps. Bored, I drove back home. I changed the wifi password to enhance security.
Ryan was called by his friend to skip work one day. He missed his train to work and instead went to the park. Ryan and his friend played with birds at the park all day. At the end of the day, they left the park and saw Ryan's boss. Ryan got promoted.
A man drove for many hours on the highway. He saw a sign for a rest stop two miles away. He put his car in the right lane in anticipation. He took the exit for the rest stop. The man kept driving for a few more hours.
Josiah was a baby who was trying to crawl for the first time. To help him, his mother put out an exciting toy that jingled. As she made the toy rattle, Josiah became very interested. He started groping the ground and inching towards his mom. Josiah rolled over and played with his feet.
I wanted a pet for my birthday. I wasn't sure what to get, I already had dogs. I was looking around on facebook and saw a mini pig. I went to pick her up. I drove home with the mini pig in my car.
Sam wanted to be a singer. So he joined a singing class at his college. The first day of class, everyone was required to sing a song. Sam was very embarrassed the first day. His classmates taught him to overcome his fear of heights.
Growing up, Matt was never the most confident guy. He always had a big crush on his neighbor Lexy, but was scared. However, when prom was approaching, he decided to finally make a move. Matt asked Lexi to be his date, and she immediately said yes. Matt was miserable at the turn of events.
Shyanne had a spelling test. She wanted to pass it. She studied hard. She made a 100. Shyanne was overjoyed.
John wanted pizza, but he was broke. Then he remembered he had won a free pizza last week! He called the pizza place and gave them his code. They sent him his free pizza an hour later. John devoured his pizza.
Jill had to attend a dancing class around 8 P.M. He got ready and drove to the meeting place. He was only of the first people to audition. After his performance, the judges were impressed. He received many awards for his dance performances.
We tried to stay up late last night. We drank coffee. We ate chocolate. We even ran laps around the couch. We ran in hopes of improving our speed.
Ally had been saving her spare coins in a jar for Years. She wanted a new cell phone but she didn't have enough money. She thought she'd count the change in her change jar. To her surprise, there was over $300 in the jar. So she bought a new cell phone.
Mom asked me to go pick up some things at the grocery store. I decided to take my bicycle to the store instead of walking. I met up with a friend and offered her a ride on my bicycle. As we were riding along, my bicycle broke in half. I carelessly threw my used Kleenex in the gutter.
In the car the whole family was excited. After 9 hours of driving the were on their grandmother's block. Ahead they could see her house. The house was lit up in spite of the late hour of 4 AM. They couldn't wait to see grandma!
Ana had been putting off doing laundry. Finally she could avoid it no longer. She carried all her clothes to the laundromat. Over several hours, she washed and dried them. Ana took several hours drying medicinal herbs.
Mark went to the mall. He saw a pair of headphones that he wanted but couldn't afford. He decided to steal the headphones. Mark was then caught by someone working. Mark has a court date next week.
My friends got me a jigsaw puzzle for christmas. I haven't opened it yet. I always keep planning to but something keeps coming up. Like right now talking with you. But in a moment, I'm going to start the puzzle.
Rex hasn't cleaned his room in Year's. Since he rarely has visitors, he doesn't see the point to cleaning. However, one day he decides to tidy up. Rex vacuums the floor and makes his bed. He feels better about his room.
I was afraid of the exam tomorrow. Since the exam is tough, I decided to study all night. I decided to skip dinner just to have extra time. Ultimately, I was prepared on the exam day. I failed my exam.
My family was on vacation in Italy. We wanted a group photograph. We asked a stranger to take it for us. They obliged. It was our favorite picture of the vacation.
I woke up and looked in my closet for a shirt. Everything was dirty and on the floor. I picked up a shirt to see if it smelled bad. I found a blue shirt that didn't stink. I wore the blue shirt.
JJ played all day long. When evening came, he was tired. He nearly fell asleep in his bath, and his mother said it was bedtime. His mother put him in pajamas, took him to his bed, and sang to him. JJ stayed up all night.
The two hunters debated their location within the forest. They did not know if they had reached the right spot. Their attention was distracted when a huge buck entered the glade. The men were struck with awe. It was then that they knew they were in the right spot.
Todd has a huge test tomorrow. He has not studied at all. It counts for 50 percent of his grade. Todd is not sure what to do. Todd decides to study as much as he can before tomorrow.
Maggie needed a new friend. She was tired of spending time alone. Finally she met a friend at book club. The girls spent everyday together. Maggie wanted to be alone.
My roommate got a new job at the place I go to school. We decided to ride to work together. We got in the car and headed out together. The ride seemed much shorter with someone to talk to. When the ride was over, we parted ways.
Brittany loved playing video games online. However, people harassed her when they fought out her gender. Brittany almost quit gaming but found a girl gaming group on facebook. After joining she began playing with the girls she met online. She felt better playing with a group of nicer people.
Bobby had never been to a carnival before. His friend Sam invited him to go with his family. There was so much to see and do! Bobby's favorite activity was riding on the ferris wheel. Bobby enjoyed the carnival.
I was listening to the radio today. A new song came on that I liked. They never said the name of it. I kept listening but it never came up. So I typed the lyrics into google.
Al and Val were very close twins. They dressed alike, talked alike and were together 24/7. One day, Val was diagnosed with terminal cancer. She soon died, and Al was completely devastated. Al felt even lonelier as time went on.
I've gotten three speeding tickets in my life. All three of them when I was a teenager. I'm surprised I didn't loose my license. It costs me a lot of money to get them all off my record. I now drive at a normal speed.
David has always dreamed of visiting Oregon. Although he doesn't have much money, he starts saving a little. Finally David has enough money for his big trip to Oregon. On his trip, he eats local food and sees amazing sights. He has a great time in Oregon.
The high school student went to the dentist. She was told she needed braces again. She was not happy. She got braces and was in a lot of pain. She couldn't wait to get her braces tightened each visit.
Jayne visited Alden, New york. Her uncle owned a farm there. She helped care for the animals. Then she helped harvest the veggies from the garden. Jayne decided to set fire to the garden and destroy the farm.
Seth has worked at the air conditioning factory for six Year's. One day his supervisor calls a meeting for the entire department. Seth's supervisor announces that the factory has to shut down. Seth realizes in terror that he needs to find new work. Seth thinks it is a good idea to update his resume.
Amy was driving to school when her car stopped. She called her dad. He came and informed her the fuel pump was out. They called a tow truck to tow the car home. Amy then had to walk to school.
Rod smoked his entire life. One night he fell asleep while watching television. His cigarette was still lit and fell on the floor. It caught his apartment on fire. Rod was proud of what he had done.
Barry was excited that he finally registered to vote. He went to the polling place near his home. While walking into the building he noticed all of the campaign signs. He already knew how he would cast his votes. Barry turned around and went home.
Johnny was driving one day when he felt a strange bumpiness. He pulled over and saw that his tire was flat! He inspected it closer and saw he had run over a nail. Johnny had to put on the donut and drive to a repair shop. They fixed it and Johnny drove home.
Amy wanted more space in her home. She decided to look for a new apartment. Amy found a new apartment for the right price near her job. Amy visited the apartment to see it in person. Amy signed a lease and moved into the apartment.
My brothers and I were sharing a pizza. There was only one slice left. We all wanted it. Before anybody could say anything I licked it. I ate a hamburger.
May was a shelter cat the pet store took in for adoption day. Cathy and her family visited the pet store on adoption day. Cathy fell in love with May as soon as she saw her. After applying to adopt May and being approved, Cathy adopted May. May went outside and Cathy never saw her again.
Monica was an eight year old girl who loved to knit scarves. One day Monica was invited to a birthday. Monica did not have any money to buy her friend a gift. Monica decided to knit her a scarf. Monica knit the scarf to donate to an orphanage.
The suspect saw that the cell door was unlocked. He pushed on it and it opened. No one was watching him so he made an escape. He calmly walked out of the front of the police station. No one seemed to notice the suspect.
A girl falls in love with a boy and he liked her too. She finds out that their parents don't get along. The boy and the girl love each other so much. But, they don't want to hurt their parents feelings so they stay away The boy and girl's parents are very happy they love each other.
One day, the president of the United States visited my hometown. I waited in line for hours to get to see him. I stood in front of the podium while he gave a stirring speech. As he left, he shook my hand! I was completely bored.
Jake's dad took him to his first football game. They got there early and had really good seats. They ate hot dogs and drank soda as well! Jake even saw his favorite player during the game! Jake did not have fun that day.
I wanted to do something fun. I looked for something cheap to do. I decided I would go swimming. I found a local lake beach to visit. I decided to visit Vegas.
Amy was unsatisfied with her paper. Instead of turning it in, she skipped class. She went to a coffee shop to rewrite. She produced a paper she was proud of. Amy got an A on the paper but in trouble for skipping class.
Steve was an accomplished carpenter. He had a plan to surprise his wife with a new piece. She had been wanting a new desk, so that's what he decided to make. He cut all the lumber, assembled the desk, and stained it. Steve's wife filed for divorce that same day.
I don't believe in luck. But my girlfriend's dad broke a mirror yesterday. Not even five second later he slammed his hand in the car door. Then on his way to the hospital he hits a deer. As if his luck couldn't get any worse, the hospital was closed.
Jon felt like a bad dad. He worked so late, he often missed his kids when he came home. On the weekends, he was tired and grumpy. One Saturday, his son sat down on the couch and leaned on Jon's arm. Jon loved spending time with the kids.
Ben walked along the street and found the end of a length of string. He picked it up and pulled on it. More string came but not the end. Ben followed the string to see where it went. Ben went for a run.
Juan wanted to be a luchador. He grew up watching them on television. He practiced every day in the basement. Eventually he got added to small shows. Juan was very successful eventually.
On Sunday, Tori found out she was pregnant! She immediately called her husband to share the good news. Tori's husband was just as excited. The two discussed baby names for nearly half an hour. Tori had to go to therapy because she was so upset.
Sara works next door to a bakery. She is on a diet so she can never go there. One day she notices the bakery has closed down. The next week a healthy organic juice shop opens. The food was too unhealthy for Sara.
Rufus has just enrolled in a new school and he has no friends there. At first he feels apprehensive and worried he won't meet anyone. However, a nice guy named Ralph introduces himself to Rufus one day. They realize that they are in the same Chemistry class. Rufus is happy to have a friend in Geometry class.
Tom wanted a Chemistry set for Christmas. His mom said it was too dangerous for a little boy. Tom asked for a puppy instead, and his mom suddenly changed her mind. Tom didn't understand why, but he didn't care. He was disappointed to receive the Chemistry set.
Early every morning the hummingbirds visit my porch. Today as I watched them they seemed agitated. One particular bird was acting very territorial. Suddenly a big black bird swooped in from out of nowhere. I shot the rat and tossed the body into the garbage.
Io was appearing in a school play. Her costume required a hoop skirt. Io couldn't find hoops anywhere! Her mom decided to craft the hoops herself at home. Lo had the best costume in the play.
I was at my first day of work. My manager was wearing a Beatles T Shirt. We both talked about our love for the Beatles. We became good friends. Later, my manager told me he didn't like the beatles.
Tyler went to a baseball game. He saw his favorite team! His team played hard. His team won! Tyler was elated!
Flora's tooth started to hurt. She hated the dentist, so she tried to ignore it. The pain got worse and worse. Finally, Flora had to call for a dentist appointment. The dentist was able to make her tooth feel better.
Derek likes to read. He read all of the books in his house. He needed more to read but didn't have money. Derek got a library card! Derek now read all the time.
I went to a bar with some friends of mine. I was broke, but thought I could keep them company. It turns out that they were all broke as well. None of us bought anything, and we talked for hours. After that we all decided to go to a restaurant.
I was at the laundromat last Sunday. There was a cute girl doing her laundry there too. I went up and started making small talk. She smiled but didn't seem interested. I bought her a dress that afternoon.
Pat woke up with the urge to play hooky from work. So he called in that morning using a fake sick voice. Not even an hour after calling in he gets a text. It tells him work is cancelled because it's snowing. Pat felt silly for pretending to be sick.
Greg was riding his bike to the store. An arm emerged from an alleyway as Greg passed. Greg fell from the bike as he was pushed to the ground. He watched from the sidewalk as a man rode away with his bike. Greg judged the chili cook-off competition.
Johnson has never liked being outdoors very much. His girlfriend teases him that he could never go on a camping trip. Johnson decides to prove her wrong. He packs up a tent and goes camping for a long weekend. Johnson was an avid outdoorsman and hiked often.
Jim lost his wallet that had all of his money it. He would have no more money for food for his family until next month. Meanwhile, Pete found a wallet lying in the bank parking lot. It contained hundreds of dollars and Pete really wanted a new TV. So, Pete kept the wallet and bought a new TV with the money.
Sally had an older sister who was good at everything. One day she told her sister Mary she felt insecure. Mary laughed her off and told her that she had many strengths too. Sally looked at herself in a different way. Sally felt better.
I had to take my son to the emergency room this summer. He was playing football with some friends and got hit in the head. He split his eyebrow open and we worried he had fractured his face. Thankfully, there was no fracture. He has a scar from the stitches.
Little Lorelei is eight months old and teething. Her mother has tried everything to sooth her. She has tried cool teething rings, medicines, and gentle soothing tea. In a last effort she gives her a teething biscuit. Lorelei chose to get flowers.
I was at the park the other day. I walked near the lake and saw some ducks. I decided to throw them some bread. They chased after me in an angry fashion. I ran away from the ducks.
Graham wanted to get a selfie stick. He didn't have many friends but loved taking pictures. He finally took the plunge and bought one. He used it a few times and then forgot about it. Eventually he threw it away.
Lewis knew the cave like the back of his hand. Five first-time cavers walked behind him. Suddenly, a few bats flew down from the darkness above. All the people but Lewis ran back towards the cave's entrance. Lewis laughed and told them not be afraid of the bats.
Sean and Sara were going to buy a guitar. Sean picked Sara up and they drove to the store. Inside, they played with several different guitars. Sara picked her favorite and they brought it to the counter. Sara decided to buy a Viola instead.
Chris was not looking forward to going to school on Friday. There was a difficult test coming that he was not ready for. When he went to bed on Thursday he was worried. When he woke up Friday morning almost a foot of snow had fallen! Bill felt relieved.
Martha was a terrible cook and her boyfriend knew it. He introduced her to cooking shows and watched them with her. She would practice things she learned on the shows. As the days went by her cooking began to slowly get better. After a while, everything Martha cooked was delicious.
There was a stray cat who loved my cat. He came by to see her everyday. I eventually took him in and let him inside, and named him Tokyo. He got very sick, out of nowhere. I took him to the vet to treat him and he got better.
An office downtown had a red carpet. The office staff complained it was always dirty. But none of their vacuums could properly clean it. So they hired a professional carpet cleaner. The carpet looked almost new after it was cleaned.
Lexi wanted to be healthy. But she wanted hot cocoa. So she decided not to add any sugar. The hot cocoa tasted boring. She loved the donut she was eating.
Anna wanted chicken wings. She drove her car all the way to Buffalo. There, she found an authentic wing restaurant. She ordered herself a dozen hot wings. Anna was happy with her meal of lasagna.
My brother kept fighting me for the remote last week. Finally we decided to divide its use. We would each get to have it one day. My brother then got into a fight who should have it the first day. I agreed to let my brother use the remote first.
Ivy was flying in a small sightseeing plane. Suddenly the pilot made an announcement. The plane had a rudder problem and was going down! Ivy quickly braced in the crash position. Ivy was glad she had chosen to fly.
Joey was a second grader that like to color in coloring books. He had worn down most of his crayons so he only had brown and black. His parents thought that Joey was an artist because of his odd colors. They hung his work on the fridge for everyone to admire. Joey wished his parent's appreciated him.
John had a huge client presentation tomorrow, but he felt unprepared. It's not that he was nervous presenting. John had always felt comfortable in front of crowds. This content, however, lacked polish and needed refinement. John reworked the presentation, and it was a great success.
Fred decided to play the lottery. He loved playing but never won. Yesterday he bought two tickets, When he went home he found out great news. Fred had won the lottery.
Gina was using a restroom at a gas station. She went to wash her hands, but there was no soap. She looked in the cabinet under the sink hoping to find some. There was no soap there either. So she had to settle for rinsing her hands off.
When it was time to eat, Mother rang the bell. Dad and Bill knew that sound when they heard it. They dropped their yard work, carefully, and washed their hands. Mother was happy when they finally arrived in the house. The family sat down, and enjoyed a meal together.
Emmy's dad took her to chose a kitten. There were two together in a cage. She couldn't split them up! It made her sad to have to chose. Emmy left angry because she wanted a dog.
Jill went to college. Jill studied really hard. Jill passed all her tests. Jill got her diploma. Jill frequently ate lima beans.
Jerry had always wanted to learn how to play guitar. He was worried that he was too old to learn something new. However, he decided to enroll in weekly guitar classes. Finally he became a reasonably good guitar player. Jerry threw his guitar in the trash.
Kyle collected many things. He had an extensive collection of action figures. Every day, he went looking for new figures for his collection. He managed to add a new figure once a month or so. Kyle thought Superman was a ridiculous construct.
Francine noticed that all of her friends wore high heeled shoes. Although she loved how heels looked, she hated how they felt. One day she decided to wear a pair of flats to meet her friends. All of her friends complimented how great they looked. Francine  retested  the formula for the missing genome.
When I was young I loved hide and sneak. I would play it even when others didn't know. I would just hide and jump out at people. I did this all the time in elementary school. People were very happy when I played this game without them.
Rachel was looking at her daily mail. She found a letter written in a foreign language. Rachel showed the letter to her friends. No one could read or understand the letter. Rachel took it to a language professor for translation.
Deb got fired from her job due to cutbacks. She was very upset and went home to sulk. Her husband told her everything would be alright, but Deb wasn't sure. The next day, Deb's husband set her up with a interview at his job. She got the job.
Bethany was self-conscious about her arm hair. She tried shaving it off. It grew back within a few weeks. She got a laser hair removal treatment. She felt better about herself.
Gina's parents were driving to Illinois. Gina sat in the back seat squished by her siblings. To make matters worse it was rush hour. Traffic was creeping along slowly. Gina closed her eyes and did her best to go to sleep.
One summer my sister and I set up a lemonade stand. It was the first month at a new house and we didn't know anyone. Few people walked by and even fewer stopped. The old pastor walked over from next door. He poured our lemonade onto the ground.
Bob moved from a small town to a large city. He was concerned he would always get lost. The first day he got lost trying to get home from work. Then Bob bought a navigation system to help him learn his way around. The navigation system helped Bob a lot.
Kelly was reading about hybrid animals online. And she saw pictures of ligers. She was impressed by their size and strength. But she wondered if they could live in the wild. Kelly  remembered  when  her grandmother  showed her the flowers.
Jorie went with her family to visit Anne Frank's home in Amsterdam. She read the book beforehand. She thought the home was quite small. Her mother cried while watching through the museum. They decided to visit the comedy club upstairs.
Clara went home from work one day. Then she realized she had locked herself out! Her keys were left on the kitchen table that morning. She had to call her mom for help. Clara's mom helped right away.
The other day I was cleaning up a bit around the apartment. I decided to get rid of all the clutter and papers on the table. Underneath all of them was an older letter from my girlfriend. It said she wanted to break up with me. I was very happy about the letter.
Ben was married to his high school sweetheart. They were married for many Year's. Ben realized one day that he was unhappy in his marriage. He decided to have an affair. His wife found out and they got a divorce.
One man bet another that he could outstare a duck. A duck was found and stared at. Although the duck was unaware of what was happening, it did not blink. It did, however, wet its eyes with its nictitating membrane. The man wanted to lose his bet.
Shay went to the marine park. There she saw a sign advertising dolphin swims. Shay eagerly handed over her $40 and suited up. Then she jumped in the pool to swim with the dolphins. Shay really didn't like dolphins.
Lia went to England. She took a bus tour. The tour stopped at Stonehenge. Lia got out of the bus to look. Lia took many photos of Stonehenge.
I was drinking a glass of juice. My cup spilled on the counter. I looked for something to clean the spill. I found a pack of paper towels. I left the mess and made a sandwich.
Arthur and his friends were hanging out. They were drinking beers and talking. All of a sudden the beer ran out. Arthur didn't want to take the last one. Arthur ordered another round for his friends.
Hester has always loved how her hair looks straight. One day she is invited to attend an art gallery opening. She decides to straighten her hair for the event. Her friends all compliment her on how good it looks. Hester shaved her head.
Jill wanted to buy a new car. Jill drove her old car down to the car dealership. The salesman traded Jill's old car for a new car. After paying the salesman as well, Jill got her new car. Jill was depressed.
Jaden was quite forgetful. He had not noticed that it was already Valentine's Day. Feeling rushed, he went out and got some flowers and chocolate. Jaden's girlfriend came home and found the treats. Jaden had saved the day.
John got a bike for his birthday. He didn't know how to ride. He practiced all week long. At the end of the week he took off his training wheels. He realized biking was not for him, and took a nap instead.
Quentin had never been on a boat in his life. One summer a friend invited Quentin to his lake house. When they were there, Quentin and his friend went sailing. It was an exhilarating experience. Quentin vowed to never go sailing again.
A man ordered pancakes in a diner from the server. She brought him a plate of pancakes minutes later. The man complained that the pancakes were too thick. The server brought them back to the cook. The cook decided to remake the pancakes.
My children wanted to get a pet. As a family we decided that this was a great idea. We went to our local animal shelter to find our new furry friend. Upon arriving we met a black lab who we all automatically loved. We adopted the black lab and took her home.
My garden flowers are dying. They are wilting and dry from the sun. My friend came by to help evaluate what is wrong with my plants. She discovered they needed more water. I didn't water them again.
Jill was playing video games with her sister. Jill was angry that she was losing every game. Jill took her game controller and threw it at the TV. The TV screen cracked right down the center. Jill got better at video games.
I started to binge-watch "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". After a few hours, I felt like running. Unfortunately, it was dark outside. I stood in the doorway for a while. Then I imagined that I was Buffy and went running.
At 12 Year's old, Drew decided to be a criminal. He made up his mind to kick in doors and rob houses. He practiced kicking in the doors of closets to build his strength. His mother came home and saw all the closet doors broken. His mother was very angry.
For a long time, every time I made hardboiled eggs, they came out bad. I looked all over the internet for a solution to my problem. A website suggested I bake my eggs instead of boil them. I did just as it asked. I left the shell on, and ate them whole.
A boy saw a quarter lying on the sidewalk. He bent down and picked it up. As he did so, a spitball flew where his head had been. Looking around, he saw his archenemy holding a straw. The boy was angry.
Hector notices that only one ear of his headphones work. He wants to get a new pair so he can listen to music. Finally he finds a good pair of headphones that he can afford. He buys them and immediately starts listening to music. Hector is happy that both ears work.
Tom wanted to go to a New York Giants game. However, the tickets were too expensive. Finally, he found tickets that were in his price range. He ended up sitting in the upper deck. Tom thought it was the best hockey game ever.
Trip loved watermelon. He would eat at least one a day. His mom always told him he would grow a tree swallowing seeds. He always swallowed them anyways. Trip stopped eating watermelon completely.
Angie, an MTurk worker, saw herself as diligent. One day one of her favorite requesters rejected her work. Angie was very surprised and emailed them. They responded that her work hadn't been good enough. Angie tried to discuss the issue in detail.
Donovan asked Trina to go dancing with him. Trina liked Donovan so she said yes but she was really worried. After school she ran home to ask her Dad for help. When her Dad came home she explained the situation and Dad smiled. Trina's dad taught her how to dance.
Andy had always wanted a big kids bike. When he turned six Year's old he asked for a bike for his birthday. He did not know how to ride a bike. On Andy's birthday his mother gave him a bike. His dad taught him how to ride it.
Suzy went to the ice cream store. She ordered a vanilla milkshake. When she tried to pay the man for her milkshake, he smiled at her. He told her that she won a special contest. He gave her the milkshake for free.
Ned and his friends went to the fair. He used the last of his money to buy a fluffy cotton candy. As he was walking away, he saw a little boy crying. He had dropped his cotton candy into a puddle. He bought more cotton candy for the boy.
Sebastian noticed it was sunny and warm out. He had chores to do. He didn't feel like doing his chores. Sebastian decided that being outdoors was better. Sebastian walked outdoors and went for a walk.
Rashid was an excellent car driver. One day Rashid's brother was late for work. Rashid offered to drive his brother. They got there with time to spare. His brother was grateful.
Ali went to a fast food place and paid with her credit card. The cashier took a very long time bringing her card back. A few days later, Ali found unusual transactions on her card. She called her bank, who reversed the charges. She made sure to thank the fast food cashier.
I was looking for a nice painting for my living room. Hence yesterday I went out looking. I finally found a beautiful one I loved. The painting was of a waterfall. I purchased it and brought it home.
I was wanting to get a promotion. I decided to try to get promoted. All year, I worked very hard. My boss took notice and called me into his office one day. I received the promotion I wanted.
Maggie and her parents were moving to a new town. Maggie was nervous because she didn't know anyone. As soon as she moved in, she went around introducing herself. She ended up making some friends. Maggie liked the new town.
Dan was walking home from school and saw the window display. There was a train set in the window of the store. Dan wished so badly that he could own this train set. When Dan got home his mother told him she had a surprise. Dan's mother told him to get ready for school.
Gina wanted to steal her mother's house key. She waited until her mother was taking a nap. She took her mom's purse to the bathroom. She removed the key from the chain quietly. Then Gina told her mom where the key was.
There was a man from kentucky. He loved a girl who lived in Louisiana. He decided he needed to move. He moved to be with his love. The man moved to Kentucky.
Tim was failing math class. He knew if he didn't pass he would have to go to summer school. He studied hard and asked for extra credit. On the last day of school he found out he passed! Tim was terribly disappointed.
Mary-Anne was feeling lonely and decided to adopt a cat. She went to her local humane society to start the process. While she was looking, one of the cats meowed at her. Mary-Anne pet the cat, and it was love at first sight. She took the cat home with her.
I took gymnastics as a child. I was learning the balance beam and doing moves on it. As I did a round off flipping off the beam, I landed wrong. I broke my ankle and was in so much pain! I got up and got right back on the balance beam.
There were six puppies running around my foyer. It was going to be hard to choose the one we wanted to buy. Each of my daughters picked out a different pup. The owner said we could get a discount on two dogs. We did not like the dogs.
Johnny wanted a change from his big city life in Boston. He decided he would be happier in America's Heartland. Finally the day had arrived, Johnny moved to Idaho. He had escaped the big city life. Johnny was happy to be in a small town.
Joan hated going home for Christmas. She knew that her mother would hound her about her love life. This year on her way home she was in a car accident. Her mother raced to her side to care for her needs. Joan felt good at seeing her mother's face.
I spend all of my time working on my writing. As a result I have begun to feel quite lonely. I've decided to join an online dating community. As I join, I realize that I don't particularly like other people. I went on many dates.
My daughter was a girl scout in elementary school. One day she went on an overnight field trip. My wife went as a chaperone. Everyone stayed in a cabin in New Hampshire for a weekend. My wife and I had dinner that night.
Today was the club opening of a new club around the corner. I couldn't wait to attend. As we got in the club it was beautiful. We ordered delicious food and danced. The bouncer did not allow us into the club.
Yesterday I was carrying a new glass into the kitchen. To my surprise I dropped it. The glass shattered. I had to pick it up. I loved the way the glass looked now.
Bill's family lived on a hill. It never rained or stormed there. One day a tornado was going through the area. Bill's house got hit, and the roof ripped off. They decided they didn't need it anyway, and moved.
Allison decided she wanted to learn more about her area's history. She went down to the library to check out a book on it. She went inside and couldn't understand how the books were sorted. She found a librarian who explained the dewey decimal system. That helped her find what she wanted.
Sebastian wanted to play football on his friends team. He talked to his friend and found out he needed to go to practice. He practiced catching the football at home all week. He went to the next practice and scored a touchdown. Sebastian was happy that his practice paid off.
Once there was a mother who was desperate for her baby to sleep. She walked him around but still he did not sleep. She fed him but still he did not sleep. Finally, she remembered the lullaby her mother had sung to her. The mother played some hip hop for her baby.
Johnny used to pee in swimming pools  as a kid. He thought he could do it as an adult. He took his kids to a water park. Next he peed in the wading pool. Everyone was really happy because of Johnny's behavior.
Amy watched the other kids play and stared at her inhaler. Because of asthma she couldn't play sports. She felt her art teacher's hand on her shoulder. Her teacher smiled and told Amy she would be a great artist one day. Amy felt terrible.
Joe and his friends had their soccer game today. Joe was nervous. He was nervous if he would win or not. Finally after the game, Joe's team won. Joe was very disappointed in his team.
Mark had a big interview for a new job. He prepared himself for the questions they may ask. The interviewer seemed to be impressed with Mark's answers. The interviewer informed Mark he had the job. Mark was enraged and stormed out.
Elaine did not feel like cooking tonight. Therefore, Elaine decided that she would go out to eat. However, Elaine did not know where she wanted to eat. Elaine deliberated on where she should go for almost an hour. Elaine found it difficult to make up her mind.
Sam was trying to get into the college of his dream. He spent a long time filling out the application. It made him feel good about his academic achievements. He submitted the application. He never thought of it again.
Matt decided to go bar hopping with his two friends one night. They drank 3 shots in one bar. They went to 4 more, drinking 3 shots in each. Matt ended up getting too drunk and lost his phone. Matt did not care about the missing phone.
Bindu planned a party with her friends. They met at her house to discuss what food and band to use. One of Bindu's friends brought samosas and doogh. Four friends played music at the party. Bindu hates her friends and parties.
Tyler wakes up and needs to shower before school. His little brother is using the shower. Tyler is worried he will miss the bus. Finally it is Tyler's turn to shower. Tyler takes a quick shower and gets to the bus stop on time.
Thomas had been feeling under the radar lately. He went to his doctor to get a checkup. His doctor told him that his cholesterol levels were a little bit high. Thomas started eating healthier and going on walks. His doctor was very pleased at his next checkup.
The doorbell rang but no one was there. She was unsure as to whether she should open the door or not. Slowly she creaked open the door and peered outside. Her brother leaped out at her and gave her a good scare. She screamed and pushed her brother away.
Stephanie wanted to make applesauce. She decided to drive to the farm market to pick some delicious apples. As she was walking through the orchard she tripped and fell. She broke both of her wrists. Stephanie could not get up until someone found her.
Roy couldn't figure out why his apartment smelled so bad. His friends commented on it when they went over. Everyone decided to look for the source. It turned out to be an old fish in the refrigerator. Roy threw out the old fisher and everything smelled better.
Jimmy grew up very poor. However, his parents always did his best to provide for him. When he got into a good college, they worked two jobs to afford it. When he graduated, he wanted to show his appreciation. Jimmy called his parents and cursed at them.
Jill was surprised when a handsome boy asked her to the college dance. As her roommates got ready, Jill fussed about her hair. Jill's roommates said they could help. Jill finished dressing into her toga-like white gown. Jill and her friends had a fun girls-only night out.
A bar owner put out a large banner to advertise his bar. The wind was strong and blew the banner away. The owner chased his banned across town. It landed in the backyard of an old woman. The old woman was delighted to find the fur coat.
My mother has a recipe for pumpkin bars that I like quite a lot. She once made them for me because I was having a bad day. I ate the pumpkin bars and I felt much better. The bars reminded me that my mother cares about me. I made pumpkin bars later in life and they reminded me of my mom.
Tim decided to spend more time with his granddad. His grandpa loved birdwatching, so Tim watched with him. They marked their sightings in a notebook. Soon Tim was really interested! Tim and his grandad found a hobby that they both enjoyed.
Danny was working at the local ice cream shop this summer. He was very excited to have started his first job. On his first day a little boy dropped his ice cream on the floor. Without hesitation, Danny knew just what to do. He refused to give him another scoop.
The school bell rang when the clock struck 2. Gina was never more happy for a day to end. She grabbed her things and waited at the door for Tami. But Tami was leaving with Rita and Mary. Gina thanked Tami the next day.
Laurence and his family decided to move. First they packed up their furniture. They then packed up everything else. All their belongings were moved into the van. Laurence put all of their belongings back into the house.
Joy wanted to find the perfect shell for her hermit crab. She could buy one, but it would be more special if she found it. She scoured the beach all morning. Everything that might work was broken! So she brought one home and gave it to her crab.
Westin was getting married! He wanted his wedding to go perfectly. Everything went well until the evening. Someone got very intoxicated and fell into the cake! Weston and his wife kicked out the intoxicated person.
Joe was helping his dad clear the woods in the back of their yard. All of a sudden he heard loud buzzing. He had stirred up a bee's nest. He got stung six times before he could escape. Joe was angry he got hurt.
It was autumn. Todd's yard was full of leaves. He decided he needed to rake them all up. Once he was done, he put them all in a bag. Todd opened up the bag and spread the leaves around.
Tim had dreams of becoming a great bodybuilder. He worked out every night to try to reach his goal. His hard work paid off and he earned a spot in a popular contest. He showed his skills, lifting more than 250 lbs. Tim had little determination.
Henry was walking to his class. At the same time, he was trying to clean his phone screen with a cloth. Unfortunately, someone bumped into him. His phone fell out of his hand and landed on the ground. Henry was happy and thankful.
Tami decided to attend volleyball tryouts. She was only in the 8th grade, but she knew she was good. She played hard and gave it her all. She hadn't anticipated the other players would be as good as her. All the players were good but she made the team.
Bob and Jim were playing ball in the house one day. They knocked over the vase and it broke into many pieces. They were afraid their mom would get angry at them. They found some glue, and carefully glued the vase back together. The glue held the vase together and their mom never found out.
Steve was very sad. Steve's girlfriend broke up with him. He decided to write a song to her. He poured his heart into the song. Steve drove an hour away to go to a strip joint for drugs.
Gloria wanted to buy flowers for her husband. Gloria was shocked at the price of even just half a dozen lilies. Gloria decided to pick some of her own flowers from the garden. She got together some daffodils and chrysanthemums. Gloria's husband appreciated the gesture.
Josh played basketball every day. His goal was to be able to make any basket on the court. One day, someone challenged him to a contest. Whoever makes the most shots would be the winner! He made the most shots and won the contest.
Lauren has always wanted to wear skinny jeans to parties. However, she needs to lose weight so the skinny jeans will look good. Lauren begins a challenging exercise regimen. Finally she has lost enough weight to wear skinny jeans. She was jealous.
I went to Hawaii in high school. Our entire band class was going. It took 9 hours to fly there. It was a tropical paradise. Hawaii was not a good place to travel to.
Sonny lived in Texas, and it was a hot summer. He was so sick of the heat. He decided to find a way to cool off. At first, he couldn't think of anything. He then decided to jump into his pool.
Chad was an incredible singer. He was just too afraid to sing. He wanted to join a church choir but thought his friends would laugh. Due to him being so embarrassed by his skill and passion. Instead of laughing, everyone applauded when Chad finally sang.
Ronald had two kids, a boy and a girl. That was more than enough. He really didn't want two to be honest. One day his wife told him baby three was on the way. His eyes glowed with excitement.
I was taking a hike last Wednesday. While walking I stumbled across something that scared me. Their in front me was a 4 foot snake with beady eyes. I screamed and ran all the way back to the main road. I followed the road back to my car.
Mary liked to drink coffee every morning. Today she was in a hurry. She went to a drive through coffee place. She noticed the coffee was the wrong order after she drove away. Mary kept driving and drank it anyway.
Bill had just moved to a big city for work. He felt lonely because he did not know anybody in the town. After work one day Bill decided to join some coworkers for drinks. He had a lot of fun hanging out with them. Bill was upset at his coworkers.
Billy wanted to become a doctor. He went to college to become a doctor. After he graduated with his degree, he changed his mind. Billy became a nurse instead of a doctor. He was so depressed, he became an alcoholic.
Quinton was getting evicted from his apartment. He was broke with no income. One day, he decided to spend his last dollar on the lotto. To his disbelief, he won $50,000! Quinton was so happy.
After Igor woke up he began to get ready for work. He turned on the shower and waited for it to get hot. The water remained cold. He debated between taking a cold shower and not showering. Igor took a cold shower.
Tara preferred big band music to all alternatives. She loved all the horns and other brass instruments involved. She tried to find fellow big band lovers. Her attempts were futile. Tara was a mean girl.
I traveled to Washington DC to visit my boyfriend. We went many places around town. But one place I wanted to go was the White House. He took me to the White House, and I was so happy. We left the White House abruptly and did not take the tour.
My son bought a drum set for his one year old niece last fall. The set had drumsticks, a cymbal, and a seat. His niece lives in NYC. She saw it when she visited, and was thrilled. She wanted to play the drums.
Maggie had her first piano recital tonight. She was very nervous. When she got on stage she was shaking. Thankfully she ended up playing perfectly. Maggie gave up the piano.
Ed liked movie night with the family. They would get treats and drinks and huddle around the tv. They were watching Aladdin tonight. But Ed fell asleep before it ended. Ed regretted falling asleep.
I decided I wanted to sign up for a christmas club with my bank. I called the teller and asked when i could do this. She told me I could come in at any time. I went in this morning and signed up for the plan. I regret signing up.
Mac had a vegan friend coming for dinner. He groaned, knowing he couldn't make steak or hamburgers. Then he remembered an alfredo sauce recipe made with cashews. To his surprise, the sauce came out creamy and delicious. They all enjoyed the meal.
Ryan used to work for mall security. He often worked the night shift. One day, he saw a raccoon in the mall. He stared at it for hours until it left. Ryan decided his job was rather dull.
Johnny's teacher treated the class to homemade snow cones. The teacher let each student pick a colored syrup topping. When his turn came, Johnny got mad when he saw only one color left. Johnny's teacher asked what was wrong. Johnny told the teacher he was upset he didn't get more colors.
Tim had to choose between three girls to date. He liked all three of them but he needed to make a decision. He talked to all three of them to see who liked him more. He eventually went with the girl who wanted to see him more. Tim was satisfied.
Jill convinced her boyfriend Joe to go look for Geocache with her. He didn't think it sounded like fun but decided to humor her. They searched the location where the Geocache was supposed to be. After over an hour of searching they were unable to find it. Jill was glad she did not bring Joe.
Brigid and her friend Ella both took piano lessons. Ella's father bought her an expensive grand piano by a renowned maker. Brigid's father could only afford to buy her a used upright piano. But Ella was a foolish and insensitive girl who never practiced. Ella then became a star piano player.
Dave wanted buy a gun. He went to the gun store and asked many questions. He looked at big guns and little guns. He decided he wanted to buy a big shotgun. Dave bought it and enjoyed his purchase.
Rose took a train to Long Island. There, she went to the very tip of the island. She went to the beach at Montauk Point. It was cold and windswept. Rose shielded her face from the wind.
Drew was using a typewriter for a special project. He tried to be careful since he couldn't erase his words. However, he ended up falling asleep. His head landed on the keys and several letters were typed. Drew had to start typing the paper over again.
Sarah always had a fascination with the night sky. Noticing her passion, Sarah's father bought her a new telescope. She was ecstatic. She went outside every night to diligently view the night sky. Sarah loved her new telescope.
Kristen was tired of her room. She need to move it around for a change. She hadn't moved it in over four Year's. After moving everything she saw a huge stain where her bed covered. She decided to put a rug over the stain.
My sister moved in with me when she was 35. She'd been living with a wife beater in a rundown trailer park. The man tracked her down to my house one cold, dark night. He broke into my house while we were sleeping. He sat down at the table with us, and we all had drinks.
My parents fell out of love. I'm not sure when it happened but it seems to have been mutual. They decided to end things amicably. Although I'm hurt by this I'm glad they chose what makes them happy. My parents was to live separate lives.
Anna was going to have a baby sibling. Her mom went into the hospital and Anna was hopeful. She really wanted a little sister, but not a brother! When her mom returned home with the baby, Anna was overjoyed. The new baby was a girl.
Monica decided to play Truth or Dare with her friends. They were all afraid to confess anything and only picked Dare. The Dares got progressively more elaborate as the day wore on. Monica dared a friend to shoplift doritos and the friend did it. Monica could not explain why her friend had stolen the doritos.
Ray went to a friend's house for a sleepover. He realized that he'd forgotten his toothbrush. He was unable to brush his teeth! Ray tried to use toothpaste on his finger, but it was no use. Ray did a good job brushing his teeth.
Ellie had a lot of homework to do. She started with her math homework. After she had finished that, she wrote a book report. The last assignment was a study guide, which took her ten minutes. Ellie decided to skip school the next day because she was ahead.
Don loved comic books. He consistently collected issues of his favorite stories. As he grew older his love for comics grew. He decided that he wanted to start his own comic book company. Don threw his comics in the trash.
Arnold was scared of bats. He thought that if they bite him he would turn into a vampire. One day he saw a bat in his bathroom. He freaked out so much he screamed. The bat flew directly toward the source of the scream.
Annabelle loves to sing. She sings in her school choir. Mary noticed Annabelle's great singing voice. Mary asked Annabelle to be in her band. Annabelle was very offended.
Uki was traveling in Africa. One night, he was bit by a black mamba. Uki screamed in pain! He was rushed to the local hospital. They gave him the antidote which saved his life.
Sean was homeless. He begged for money on the streets. For one week, no one gave him money. He was starving. Sean eventually moved to a huge house.
Two hobos agreed to make dinner together. Each set out to find ingredients. The first returned with a worn boot. The second returned with a gross of wing nuts. The two hobos ate their cheeseburgers.
Judy and Bill were preparing to have dinner with their parents. Judy makes a roast with potatoes and rolls with gravy. Bill sets the table and puts on some background music. The doorbell rings, it is their parents. Judy and Bill were very prepared.
Sal hurt his leg when his wife accidentally tripped him. She felt so bad that she waited on him hand and foot. She bought him food and gave him messages. Sal liked all the attention. Sal's leg eventually healed.
Rebecca met Jake when they were both six Year's old. They became best friends and grew up together. When they were 13 Year's old, Jakels family moved away. He promised Rebecca he would come back for her. Rebecca and Jake both auditioned for the musical.
One weekend we wanted to see a movie with the kids. There were two movies they wanted to see. So we decided to divide and conquer. Two kids and myself went to one and my husband and our son another. Both groups had a great time seeing the movies they wanted.
Amy's sister took her to the beach to surf on her vacation. Amy hurriedly suited up in her wetsuit. The instructor was patient when Amy couldn't get the hang of it. Finally it was time for Amy to try on her own. Amy was surprised that she did a good job.
Kay built himself a raft. He used planks of scrap wood, and nails. He worked hard on it all spring. Come summer, he tested it out in the lake. Kay used the raft for firewood.
Max was a very bright boy. But he would become lost in his own vivid imagination. No matter how hard he tried, he found himself daydreaming. Max did not do very well in school. Max's teacher's praised his creativity.
Gina was at a funeral for her grandpa. Gina watched as friends made remarks, and told stories about him. The stories were funny and interesting. Gina got a chance to see her grandpa in a different light. She realized how boring his life was.
Ashley has felt sick all day today. She feels like she is going to throw up. She asks her boss if she can go home for the day. Her boss lets her leave work. Ashley went home and went to bed to get better.
Marley sleeps horribly every night. She decides that she needs to get a new bed. She went to the closest store but couldn't find a bed she liked. She told her mom about her sleeping problems. Her mom gave her an alarm clock.
Joe is an aspiring journalist. But he's been feeling pretty frustrated by the news media. He considered going back to school, but decided against it. Finally, he landed a well-paying job. Joe was grateful and then went to work.
Lizzy lives on an island in the tropics. Everyday they go to the banana plantation and get some. Today Lizzy wanted to pick her own bananas. She climbed the tall tree and realized how big the bunches were. Lizzy needed help to get the bananas down.
In 1997 I rode on an old bus. A local group rented a 1957 transit bus, painted in old colors. I rode on the bus as it went all over suburban Boston. I took plenty of photos. I had a great time!
Bryan wondered why his arms itched. He scratched his arms until they left scars because it was so bad. He finally went to the doctor and he found out he had poison ivy. The doctor gave him ointment and some antibiotics. Bryan went home relieved.
Tony and Mark were fierce rivals on the basketball court. Everyday after school they would meet at the local blacktop to play. They would always play one on one. They were always so evenly matched. The games were very close.
Becky and her friends decided to make some candy bars. The got all the ingredients together and got to it. The girls had a ton of fun. When the candy cooled they put them in bags. Her friends suggested she should sell the candy at a bake sale.
Robin went to the gym. She worked out for 2 hours. While at the gym she did arms and abs. She was determined to get in shape. She went home and ate 3 cartons of ice cream.
Rachelle worked hard to buy her first home. She was very proud of her accomplishment. Unfortunately, she lost her job and eventually, her home. She decided to stay in a hotel and find a new job. She became depressed.
Wendy took her daughter to the orchard with her. They picked a huge bunch of apples and brought them home. Together, they peeled and cleaned the apples. Wendy and daughter baked them into a delicious pie. Wendy does not like apples.
Bill saved all his pocket change for 2 weeks last month. It was for a sucker from the store. He brought all his chance and bought the sucker. Walking home he tripped and fell. Bill was sad to see the sucker covered with dirt on the ground.
Neil was visiting Romania. He had just arrived and was excited to see Transylvania. When he got there, he saw gorgeous old castles. He also found friendly locals. Neil enjoyed visiting Transylvania.
Marc loved video games. His favorite video game series was releasing a new game. He worked very hard and saved up all his money. Finally, he was able to purchase the game. Sadly, the new video game was disappointing.
Last week a stunt double tried a new stunt. It involved a big car crash. Something went wrong and one of the safety harnesses snapped. The stunt man was ejected from his seat. The stunt man loved it.
Pamela was so excited to finally have a boyfriend, Ralph. Ralph never listened to what she said. He rarely showed up on time. He flirted too much with other girls. Pamela decided to break up with Ralph.
Helen wanted to go to space. She decided to become an astronaut. She studied very hard. She  passed all the tests! Helen dreaded seeing outerspace.
I moved into a new apartment last week. I had a lot of stuff to move. It took me over 8 hours to get all of the stuff into my apartment. Then I had to get everything organized. I packed all my stuff up again.
Hailey liked to play with her friends. She had a playdate every week. One day Hailey's mom got in an argument with one of the other moms. Hailey was told they were never going back. Hailey cried to think that she would not see her friends.
Maybelle's breath always smelled like peppermints. Her house did as well, or at least that's what he remembers. To this day he keeps peppermints in his cupboards. They remind him of his grandma and what she meant to him. It is a fond memory.
Jake went on a ski trip in the mountains with his friends. Jake wasn't very good at skiing but went anyways. One day, they were all going down a challenging slope. The other boys were fine but Jake fell and broke his leg! Jake tried skiing again the following day.
Valerie decided she wanted to learn German. She signed up for a class to teach her. When she wasn't in class, she studied very hard. Soon, she decided to practice speaking German with a German friend. Valerie hopes to live in Italy someday.
Clara went to the mall. She meet her friend Sally. They had lunch at the mall. They shopped the rest of the day. Clara felt very lonely.
Tim just got a new phone. He had dropped it a few time hours within getting it. He decided he needed a case to protect his phone. He went to the local store and purchased a waterproof phone case. Tim didn't have to worry about dropping it in water anymore.
Gina's family pulled into a rest stop off the highway. Gina got out and stretched her legs. At the stop there was a gas station and a Burger King. Gina normally didn't like Burger King's fries. Gina was so hungry that the fries tasted good this time.
I got a call late one night. Thinking it was one of my friends I answered. The woman who was on the other line was unfamiliar to me. I asked who it was and why they were calling. I said goodbye to the man on the phone.
Nelly the cashier was having a bad day at the store. She kept making small mistakes and people were getting mad. Even her last customer was mad and it wasn't even her fault. As soon as it was time for her break she dashed outside. The fresh air was exactly what Nelly needed to clear her head.
Alec's daughter wanted more blocks to play with. Alec figured that blocks would develop her scientific mind. Alec bought blocks with letters on them. Alec's daughter made words with them rather than structures. Alec was happy to see his daughter developing her verbal ability.
I decided to murder my neighbor. I crept into his house in the middle of the night. I killed him while he slept. I was caught by the police. It was terrible to be sentenced to life in prison.
Tim bought a record player at a thrift shop. He didn't have any records to play on it. He asked his parents if they had any. They gave him their entire record collection from their youth. He broke the records one by one as his parents watched.
Amy wanted to get healthy. She purchased a smoothie blender. She made delicious fruit and vegetable smoothies. It took 20 minutes to clean the blender. Amy was determined to lose weight.
Tina auditioned for her high school dancing team. After she danced, the instructor wanted to talk to her. He said that her skills aren't good enough to make the team. She immediately left the auditioning room. Tina joined the high school dancing team.
Sally was on her work break. She went to get tacos from the taco stand outside. She realized she had forgotten her wallet at home. A nice man noticed what happened and offered to pay. Sally cried the rest of her break.
Amy was getting a minor raise from her job. Although it wasn't a lot of money she was expecting it. Her boss informed her it would be on her next check. When she received the check there was no raise. Amy was relieved she didn't get any extra money.
Jennifer wanted to join the school band. She began taking lessons for playing the cello. She made progress, but not quickly. She didn't feel ready to try out for the band. Jennifer had not taken any cello lessons.
Fred went to the beach with his friends. He loved the water and the sunshine. His friends threw a party on the beach after the sun went down. Fred got drunk and passed out on the sand. Fred woke up with a hangover.
Ronnie was riding his bike to work the other day. All of a sudden he hit a rock and fell. He wasn't hurt but his outfit was ruined. He kept going to work anyway. Ronnie quit as soon as he got in.
Burke doesn't have many friends. He always walks around with a scowl on his face. One day, a stranger tells him that he should smile more. Burke decides to try smiling. Burke loves interference from strangers.
Matt was driving home one night. He wasn't paying attention. He struck and injured a jogger who crossed the road. Matt was horrified and stopped to check on her. Matt fiddled with the car radio, looking for a better station.
Brian was excited for the talent show. He had been doing extra practice on his drums. To express his individuality he wore a skirt on stage. When he finished his act he got a standing ovation. Brian was not very creative.
Halloween was on its way. I decided to decorate my house. I went to the store and bought decorations. I went home and gathered the new items. I hated decorating.
I recently got a promotion at work. I have been with the company for nearly eight years. I have worked very hard to earn this promotion. I was so happy when my boss offered me the new position! I feel I don't deserve it.
Tia wanted to make something to sell at the craft fair. She decided to make homemade soap. She made glycerin soap in a big pot on her kitchen stove. Then she pressed flower blossoms into the centers of her bars. Tia used the soap bars to wash her dirty dogs.
One day, police were investigating a crime scene. They were stuck on where to go next. They got a tip to check behind the library. There they found some key evidence. The police put on a community event to raise money.
Pat has a math test coming up. He studies very hard for a week. Pat makes flashcards to read on the bus. Pat aces his test. Pat is sad.
Marsha had just moved in with her husband. She had never cooked a meal before, and that was her job tonight. She had envisioned herself cooking a fantastic meal. Unfortunately, she burnt the chicken and overcooked the rice. Marsha was devastated.
Solomon didn't like his first name. He thought that it was too old-fashioned. At a job interview, the interviewer praised his name. Solomon suspected that his being hired was related to his unique name. Solomon thought his name might not be so bad after all.
Kelly got a new bracelet yesterday. She was in love with it. Yet today when she went shopping, she ended up losing it. She searched everywhere for it. She was relieved to find it underneath her car seat.
My spouse is a huge Star Wars fan and loves it. I needed a gift idea for him for a Christmas gift. I decided to buy him tickets to Star Wars. He loved his gift from me on Christmas morning. With a look of disgust, he threw the tickets in the trash.
Ben was tired at the end of the day. The customer asked for Spaghetti. Ben was too lazy to wash a dish and but the food on a dirty one. A week later, the restaurant got sued by the customer. The customer was angry.
Yesterday Stacey was driving to work. Unfortunately a large SUV slammed into her. Luckily she was alright. However her car was destroyed. Stacey told the police what happened.
Karen and Diane had been best friends since childhood. Now high school seniors, they've started thinking about college. They both applied to Cornell and planned to room together. Karen was accepted but Diane was not, which was hard for both of them. It was hard, but they agreed to go their separate ways.
Regrettably, our kitty passed away two weeks ago. She was a young cat, and we didn't know why she died. We found her on the floor when we woke up in the morning. My husband buried her in the backyard. Later, we gave her a bowl of milk.
Reilly loved going to the fair. The petting zoo was her favorite part. She had fed a small goat before feeding the cow. The goat was trying to get more food from her but she ignored it. Reilly fed the goat extra food.
My sister in law Sally contacted the family last month. Sally is estranged from the family. She ran away to get married and did not keep in contact. Her husband is now in a hospice. Sally wanted to inform the family of her husband's condition.
Laura decided to fly all the way to New York City. She flew specifically to get her hair done. She wanted her hair cut by a celebrity stylist. When Laura got it done she loved it. The compliments she got made Laura think the trip was worth it.
Neil had just arrived in Bulgaria. His train took him to the center of Sofia. He was amazed at the busy capital city. It was so beautiful and busy! Neil hated his trip.
A man was running down a path in a state park. He came to a gate in the path. The gate looked low enough to jump. The man leapt as high as he could while running. The man went under the gate.
I waited in line all day to see a movie I knew I would like. I was so excited to see this movie. When I got into the theater, I was so excited I almost couldn't move. I watched the whole movie. I left after the first forty five minutes.
I always wanted fancy socks. For my birthday this year I decided to treat myself. I went to the store after reading some reviews. Once there I bought the pair I thought was best. I loved my new socks.
Grayson has collected stamps since he was a little kid. Now Grayson needs some money to help pay his rent. He thinks of his stamp collection. Sadly, he takes them into a pawn shop for sale. Grayson uses the money from selling his stamps to buy a guitar.
Lance and Adam were best friends. When Lance joined the Army, Adam signed up, too. They were in the same unit and were deployed together. Lance took a bullet for Adam. Lance never spoke to Adam again.
I walked inside of the dentists office. After signing the attendance board, the dentist greeted me. He showed me where to sit. Afterwards, he started to operate on my teeth. I was nervous but he reassured me that everything was fine.
Tim always wanted to play the drums. His parents bought him a set for Christmas. He would play them all the time. It was way too loud and upset his parents. They set up a space in the garage for him to practice.
I love all you can eat buffets. There used to be this amazing buffet by my house. It had all kinds of food from all over the world. The only problem was that it was very expensive. I always ate there when I wanted to save money!
Kenny was playing at the park. He was in the jungle gym trying to do tricks. He got up too high and fell. He fractured his arm in three places. Kenny had to be taken to the hospital.
Mag had a night with no kids or husband. She took a bubble bath. Then she ordered Chinese takeout. Mag relaxed and watched movies all night. May had a very stressful night.
Lilly made cranberry sauce for Thanksgiving. It was her first time meeting her boyfriend's parents. The meal was going well until she took a bite of what she had made. She realized she had forgotten to put sugar in it. The cranberry sauce was very sour.
Both my kids came home from college in Dec. We decided to have a fun winter break together. We baked cookies, decorated the house and went shopping together. We also made some Christmas gifts. I had a great time with my kids while home from college.
Michael saw a squirrel living in the dumpster one day. He thought it was a cute way for the squirrel to say warm. When the trash was taken to the landfill, the squirrel was gone! A few weeks later, Michael saw another squirrel in the dumpster. Michael decided to have the dumpster company pick up his trash.
Rob like salsa. So his friend Tom got him a large case of a rare variety. Tom was excited to give the gift to Rob. Rob opened the gift in disbelief and drew a smile. Rob was disappointed.
Jennifer dove from the starting block. She always felt that she held the rest of her team back. She pushed harder than she ever had to catch the other swimmers. She even past a few and actually placed second in her event. Jennifer realized swimming was not her best hobby.
Ace was playing poker with friends. At first he was having fun. Then he noticed something odd. One of his friends was sneakily cheating! Ace was happy for his friend.
Paul wanted to buy his wife a gift. Unfortunately he couldn't decide what to get. He fretted over it for days. Eventually it was his wife's birthday. So he gave her cash.
My brother got a ticket. He never went to court. He eventually got pulled over again. They arrested him for failure to appear. The judge convicted him of murder.
Tim wanted to connect more with nature. So, he went out in the woods. He heard the birds sing, the wind blow and the crickets creak. He loved it so much, he built a large tree house and moved in. He loved it.
Ted's parents told him to focus on studies and not on games. Ted thought that games were a burgeoning art form, worthy of praise. Ted started to write reviews and articles about different games. The reviews and articles were published in national magazines. Ted was an orphan.
After dropping her kids off at school, Tammy donated blood. She drank some juice to refuel before running a few errands. Tammy then headed for the gym to her favorite aerobics class. Forty minutes into the intense workout Tammy passed out. Tammy kept working out.
Abigail keeps a strict schedule. She takes a walk in the morning and at night. She walks for about 30 minutes at a time around the neighborhood. Sometimes she even takes her dog Dexter. Abigail climbed off her wheelchair and onto the bed.
Eddie always felt different than everyone else. Last week he was alone in an elevator. He heard a voice telling him what floor to go to. It freaked him out and he's seeking mental help. Eddie loved his new friend.
Jay woke up in the morning to the sound of his car alarm. He ran outside to see what had happened, only to find his car damaged. Someone had hit his car and just driven away. The rear bumper had been destroyed and was on the ground. Jay had a good laugh.
There was a gas leak in a house down the street. The people who lived there did not know. They left for work one day, and the gas filled up the house. A small spark caused the house to explode. When they returned, they saw that their house was gone.
Carmen wanted to make a healthier version of pizza. Carmen had to find a recipe for the pizza. Carmen found a recipe that had a cauliflower crust. Carmen went to the store to purchase the ingredients. Carmen decided to order Domino's instead.
Rufus notices that he has let his fingernails grow too long. They are making a loud tapping sound when he types on his computer. Rufus decides to cut his fingernails one night. When he's finally finished, he feels relieved. His fingernails are way too long.
Herman was very hungry but had no money. So he searched all over his house for spare change. He found a quarter under the couch and a dollar in his dresser. Herman came up with two dollars and walked to the store. Herman managed to buy some food to make a small meal.
Kelly was rushing to get to her flight on time. Unfortunately security was taking forever. By the time she left securit she checked the time. It was six and her flight left a half hour ago. Kelly had to schedule another flight.
Everyone loves grandma's peach pie. She makes from the peaches grown in the orchard. The kids job was to go and pick the peaches for the pies. They always made sure the picked the best peaches. They were excited to bring the peaches to grandma.
Candice loves tacos. Although her love is strong, her tacos are not very good. Candice decides she wants to better her taco recipe. She searches for an assortment of different taco recipes. Candice got better at making tacos.
Tony liked art. He decided to go to college and take art classes. He took 4 years worth of art classes in college. When He got out, he couldn't find a job. Tony then went back to school and found a different major.
Jenny's parents got divorced. Jenny and her mom moved to a tiny apartment filled with roaches. There was no stove, so they cooked chicken nuggets in a toaster oven. Jenny's mom ran out of money, so they went to a food bank. Jenny was unhappy.
Bill wanted to lose weight. He had been trying for Years, but lacked initiative. He finally stopped being so hard on himself. Growing in confidence, he met  his goals every week. After a month he gave up.
Three little girls were standing by a pool at a party. One of the girls accidentally pushed the youngest girl into the pool. The little girl couldn't swim well and started to sink. Her dad noticed and came running out and pulled her out of the water. The dad was then pulled out by the girl.
While eating breakfast, I saw a lady. She was cute so I called her over. She sat down and we talked for hours. We really got along. I got her phone number.
Cindy has been driving for a few months. But she has never driven in the rainy. She had to drive to school on a rainy day. But she was too scared to. Cindy was very experienced.
I put together a list of factoids and trivia. I included them in a small booklet. I got a bunch of them printed. I sold it as a coffeeeee table or bathroom reader. I was ashamed of what I had done.
Bob went to the thrift store to look for deals. He spotted a camera on sale for $5. He looked up the value when he got home. To his surprise the camera was worth $5000! He quickly bought the film.
Rover liked playing fetch with his owner. One day his owner threw the ball too hard. It bounced across the street. Rover weaved through traffic with amazing skill. He then ran away with the small ball.
My mom was about to drive across a train track. The signed opened up for the cars to pass. However, it was a false alarm since a train was moving close-by. It was within a few feet of the cars. My mom slammed on the brakes just in time.
Kelly worked at Cedar Point for the summer. One day, while she was working, she found $20 on the ground! She ran to the security booth and gave them the $20. After a week, nobody had claimed the money. Kelly used the money treat all her friends to ice cream.
Alan wanted to test his typing speed. He went on an online testing site to check. It was surprisingly fast. He tried to use it on his job applications. It helped him get a job in construction.
Anne had just turned 50 when she noticed something unsettling. Her hair was beginning to come in gray! She thought about dyeing it to hide the gray. Then she decided to honor her wisdom and Years. She dyed her hair blonde instead.
Connie was invited to a party. When she arrived at the party, there was weird music playing. She looked around, and everyone was dancing weirdly. She was so freaked out, she turned around and left. She decided to give it a chance, and returned to the party.
I bought a car a few months ago. I thought I would make it cooler by modifying it. I did a few changes and had friends help with others. Unfortunately it no longer passed my state's inspection. I had to sell the car in another state.
Trent and his family left for a road trip. They packed all their suitcases and snacks for drive. In seventy two hours they would arrive in Las Vegas. When Trent took his turn to drive he fell asleep. The group got to Las Vegas with no issues.
Brandon lives in Clearwater. He enjoys living by the ocean. A pier was built near his house. He decided to get his fishing license. Brandon then became a surfer.
Randy looked carefully at the engagement rings in the jewelry store. He noticed a beautiful ring with a large diamond in the center. Randy asked the clerk if he could have a closer look at the ring. The ring was even more gorgeous up close! Randy ran away screaming.
For the first time in my life I went to the opera. My girlfriends loves the opera and I don't. They were in town performing though so I told her I would go. To my surprise I actually had a good time! The performers were really talented and the music was beautiful.
Shay had been asked to come into the office on a Saturday. They were having a business meeting and wanted her to be there. Shay wanted her weekend off, but she agreed to come in. On payday, she saw that she had made overtime pay on that Saturday. Shay was happy that she went into the office.
Our dog was named Cinnamon. She was very sweet and loving. She was starting to get old and frail. We had to put her down as she was in pain. The whole family was glad Cinnamon left.
I danced ballet for 11 Year's as a child. I loved it, loved it and breathed it. I got to a point where I wanted to excel to pointe ballet shoes. My instructors told me I wasn't ready yet, and I was so hurt by it. I kept trying and eventually I excelled.
May was Harry's favorite month. Harry had his birthday in May and school also let out. Every May Harry would also go to the country to see his friend Mary. Mary and Harry got engaged eventually. Harry disliked Mary.
Gina went to her 6th hour class. It was gym. Gina hated gym, and all things related. She was horrified when the teacher made them run the first day. Gina cried at the end.
I needed to get the grass cut before it got dark outside. I rushed home with 2 hours of daylight left. The mower was out of gas. It started to rainy. The lawn mower suddenly started.
On a rainy evening Susan parked at a rest stop on the highway to rest. Inside the rest stop she saw a strange man looking at her intently. This made her feel uneasy so she quickly left. Susan drove in the rain to the very next rest stop and went in. Susan drove back to the last stop to talk to the strange man.
I was going for a ride with my grandparents. I had fallen asleep in the backseat. A fox darted across the road. My grandfather slammed on the brakes. We stopped in time to see the fox run across the road.
Every summer Brad and Ashley go swimming in the river. Sometimes they float on inner tubes for hours enjoying the cool water. They can not go to the river this year. Ashley broke her leg and can not be in the water. Ashley spent her summer riding her bike instead.
Sam hopped into his mail truck and drove off. He was trying to do his route fast to get home early today. He drove so fast he didn't see a pothole in the road. The truck bounced hard when he hit the pothole. Sam's head hit the steering wheel.
John liked a girl at his work. He tried to get her attention by acting silly. She told him to grow up. John confesses he was trying to make her like him more. The girl found this charming, and gave him a second chance.
Aurelia was given an ice cream maker for her birthday. She had never thought of making nice cream before. She gathered the ingredients for her first vanilla ice cream. Aurelia was amazed with how delicious her homemade ice cream was. She threw her ice cream in the garbage.
Miriam was constantly arguing about everything. Her mother told her that it was a bad habit. Miriam never stopped being pedantic. She later became a lawyer. Miriam became a very successful lawyer.
Gina and her friends had been given permission to go to the library. And had arrived to find the door locked. A teacher spotted the girls sitting in the hall. She wanted to see their hall pass. The girls have her their passes.
My class and I went for a field trip. When we were driving to the location, our bus broke down. We all waited for another bus to show up to pick us up for an hour. When the bus arrived, we all boarded and continued our way. The bus never arrived, and we missed our field trip.
I went to get burgers for my family last week. None of them could tell me what toppings they wanted. Everyone kept changing their mind. Eventually I just left and decided to get random ones. My family was too demanding.
Alice had a presentation at 9 am at work on Monday. She practiced all weekend on perfecting her speech. On Monday she awoke to realized it was 8:45. She hurriedly dressed and arrived to work 5 minutes late. Alice helped herself to some coffee and sat down to relax.
Gina had taken her crying brothers ice cream. Now he was crying because he wanted it back. Gina refused and continued to eat his ice cream. Her mother poked her and made her give it back. Gina got in trouble.
Amber really enjoyed playing softball. She practiced real hard and tried out for the team. He hitting skills were not very good. She had to take batting practice for several weeks That extra practice improved Amber's fielding skills.
Gina and her family arrived at her grandma's house. It was not a happy occasion. Her grandpa had a heart attack and died. Their grandma was partially paralyzed from a stroke. Gina was had a great time at her grandmother's house.
On Christmas morning, I woke up at 5 AM like when I was a child. I sat in front of the tree in the dark and admired the lights. The presents looked beautiful, all wrapped up, underneath the tree. I made two mugs of hot chocolate and woke up my husband. It was a great morning.
Jim tried out for the basketball team and was cut at try outs. Jim was upset but at the same time motivated to prove everyone wrong. During the entire off season, Jim worked on his game. He improved his shooting, dribbling, passing, and defense. Jim quit playing basketball.
Mary had a credit card debt of over $2000. She wanted to pay it off. She cut off her unnecessary expenses such as going out. She saved all her money in a savings account. Mary saw no change in her financial situation.
John had worked hard on his homework but couldn't find it anywhere. Then he came upon some paper scraps on the floor. His dog, Betty, was sitting nearby with a paper scrap in her mouth. John was worried his teacher would think he was lying. John didn't know what to do.
Tommy and Billy started a lemonade stand. They sold a glass of lemonade for a quarter each. They sold sixteen glasses in one day to people. Tommy wasn't sure how to split the profits, so Billy helped. Tommy decided to take all of the money.
Tori was so excited to go trick or treating. She put on her costume and ran out the door. She began to eat the candy as fast as she got it. Soon her stomach hurt. Tori felt even better afterwards.
Beverly was ready for a change. She decided to pack all her stuff and load her car and leave. She figured everything is big in Texas and she would just get lost. In the big city she could be anyone and do anything she wanted. She decided to go back home.
John felt like he was coming down with a cold. It was very cold outside that morning and he felt terrible. He called into work and told his boss he was ill. Then John got up and had breakfast and felt better. John then felt sick the rest of the day.
Sally like pizza night on fridays. The family got two pizzas one with no cheese. Sally didn't like cheese. But both pizzas had cheese on them this time. Sally was very happy to see cheese pizza.
School was just a disaster today. It was raining and everyone got soaked in the rain. There was also a fire and everyone had to evacuate the school. I caught a fever from being in the rain for several minutes. I've never had a worse day.
Felipe has always wanted to see the beautiful Pacific Northwest. He decided to travel to Oregon one day. In Oregon, Felipe hiked great mountains and ate delicious food. He was sad when his trip came to an end. Felipe swore he would never go back to such a lousy place.
Ed challenged his brother to a basketball game. The two guys played a friendly match. The score was almost tied. Then Ed made a slam dunk. Ed lost the game.
Lary was a poor coal miner. Lary would work long hours every day in the mines. Lary was mining one day and saw a sparkle in the distance! Lary had found a vein of gold ore! Lary was happy and excited.
Jim's car was ten Year's old, and started having problems. He decided to trade it in and buy a new one. He did a lot of research on the most economical cars to buy. He decided on one that could also run on a battery. Jim saved a lot of money in gas by buying a battery run car.
Nick took his dog for a walk last Saturday. During the walk, his dog saw several other dogs. He was not well-socialized, so he started barking at them. It was a long and painful experience for both of them. Nick decided to take his dog to a trainer.
Earl is a grandfather for the first time today! His daughter just had her first baby and she had a girl. Earl has secretly been saving money for his new granddaughter. He surprise his daughter with a new savings account for her child. His daughter now adds to it, for her daughter's college.
The building exploded. Five people were inside it. Three died and two lived. Mosh rushed out with his little sister in his arms. Everyone else got out safely.
My girlfriend collects stamps. Not the kind for mail but the kind to stamp things with. She has different cute ones. For her birthday I want to buy her more. I bought her sexy lingerie instead.
Jake opened his fridge, looking for food. He found nothing, except some jelly. He realized he could make a PB&J sandwich. He got the ingredients, and fixed himself a sandwhich. Jake then threw the sandwich away.
Elda had a craving for french fries. She decided to make them herself. She sliced up potatoes and dropped them in bubbling oil. Then she pulled them out when they were golden brown. Elda tossed the fries into the trash can.
One year, Matt was training for a half marathon. Near the time of the race, he slipped on a run and damaged his knee. Matt missed the race and required an extensive rehab. As soon as he could, Matt was back to training. His training paid off at a marathon later that year.
Susie loves her grandma's banana bread. Susie called her grandma and asked her to send some. Grandma lived very far away. A week passed and grandma surprised Susie by coming to visit. Susie was upset.
Jon and Mika wanted a baby daughter. After years of trying, they finally conceived a baby girl. Unfortunately, the baby had complications. Jon and Mika were scared that the baby would die. The baby grew up to be healthy and strong.
Brendon used to work with mike. One day Mike moved his chair while he was standing. He went to sit down and fell. Mike couldn't help but laugh at the site. Brendon couldn't believe he was soaking wet.
Cara was tired of the clutter which had piled up in her garage. She decided to plan a garage sale. She worked with her husband to move everything out. That weekend Cara then set up signs to advertise her sale. Cara left for Vegas.
I remember the scariest haunted house I've ever been to. It was an old, rickety, uninhabited house that was made for scares. The house was scary in itself. The scariest part was at the end. They were having a Christmas party at the exit.
Lorraine always wanted to make biscuits the way her mother used to. She decides to take a month away from work and only make biscuits. Finally she has perfected her biscuit recipe. She brings her mother a biscuit and her mother says it is delicious. Lorraine is disappointed.
Lucy loved writing poems. One day Lucy's mom was very upset. Lucy hated seeing her mom unhappy. She decided to write her a poem. The poem made Lucy's mom feel better.
Joe was having his family over for the Thanksgiving holiday. He prepared a big meal for them. He waited for his family to arrive. They got stuck in traffic, and were three hours late. The meal Joe prepared was piping hot.
Jake wanted to make a YouTube account. He started vlogging. They did not get much attention. He then started doing skits. Jake hope no one would view his skits.
Jackie was driving to work on the expressway. There was a truck with a horse in the cage. As the truck accelerated, the cage open and the horse came out. It fell on Jackie's car window. Jackie was happy her car was undamaged.
Kelly and her friends decided to go to Indian for lunch. They were the first ones inside the restaurant. It was a buffet so they got what they wanted. The girls loved the food. They returned many times.
Levi was very excited about making candles with his mom. He had went to the store with her and helped her pick out scents. Today was the day to make the candles. Levi helped poor the wax into the molds. He poured the majority of it down the drain of the sink.
I went to buy a new television last week. After finally picking one out I took it home. I noticed it was broken as soon as I got it out of the box. The screen was cracked. I returned the TV.
Dennis entered a surfing competition. He did poorly at first, and he fell off a lot. Later he did much better as the competition winded down. Then he got the best wave of his life. Dennis did not have fun.
Ben's garden was not very good, because things grew, but not well. Wilson showed Ben how to make compost with grass and leaves. Ben started a compost pile in the fall with his failed plants. Ben added leaves to his compost pile and waited until spring. In the spring he decided not to start a garden.
Joe was really hungry. There was nothing in his fridge to eat. He couldn't find his phone to order carry-out. Joe ordered a pizza online. Joe started eating the pizza before the delivery man left.
Jason and his friends were gathering to watch a movie. Everyone brought something along to eat. Jason realized he had forgotten to bring something. He ran home and quickly made popcorn for the movie. He then threw the popcorn in the trash.
Mary wanted to make plans for New Year's Eve. She decided to have a party at her apartment. She invited all her friends. Her friends brought food and drinks to the party. She accepted the food, and asked them all to leave.
Jim went to the wetlands with a giant gun. He set it up and waited for the geese to fly by. He shot into the flock. Two-hundred birds were hit. Jim was frightened by his gunfire.
Janice usually wears jeans to work every day. However, now she has been promoted to manager. She decides she needs to dress a little more formally. Janice buys a few pairs of khakis for work. She wore a ripped shirt the next day.
Juanita woke up early for a canoe ride on the lake. She loved peacefully rowing the canoe before anyone else was awake. This morning she was shocked to see a stork flying across the lake. As she took a picture, she lost her balance and fell into the water. Juanita continued to take pictures.
Jody was a very hard worker. She always did her best and often worked overtime. Jody's boss noticed her efforts and decided to give her a promotion. Her hard work had paid off! Jody became a manager and succeeded.
Charlie would eat anything. He was small, even for a chihuahua, but he loved food. His crowning triumph was when he stole a large pizza. Dismayed, his family rushed him a mean person they called Vet. Charlie changed his bad habits.
My sister in law Sue was angry last week. Her boss Cara accused her of putting too many people on a shift. Sue said she did not make the schedule the day in question. She pulled the timesheets to prove her point. Sara was fired.
Nora wanted to go on vacation. She decided to visit the mountain cabin. The cabin was beautiful, set in the woods, beside a stream. Nora loved to picnic by the stream. She ate all her meals in the cabin while on vacation.
Marcy is a deaf woman who lives alone. She told her friend the hardest thing is communicating with strangers. Her friend told her to take pen and paper so she could communicate. Marcy began doing this, and found it much easier to do things alone. Marcy stopped talking to her friend.
Fancy is the name of Sharon's miniature schnauzer. Fancy turned 14 Year's old yesterday. Schnauzers usually don't live that long. Sharon feels lucky to have had Fancy since she was a puppy. Sharon couldn't wait for Fancy to go.
Keith lived in an area that had occasional earthquakes. But he thought keeping an first aid kit was unnecessary. The next day, he cut his hand while cutting food. And he had to drive himself to a hospital. Keith's yacht hit the reefs at high speed.
Sean wanted to go out for a picnic. He packed himself a lunch in a basket. Then, he rode his bike off to a field. In the field, he ate his picnic. Sean loved the outdoors.
The parents were beyond delighted by the birth of their daughter. They named her Joy. About two Year's later they had their second child, a boy. While happy and grateful, they were somewhat less enthused. The parents had another baby.
Chris wanted a pack of gum, but he didn't have any money. He decided to steal the gum from the store. The store owner caught Chris stealing the gum, and he got in trouble. Chris felt terrible. Chris was excited to get caught.
Rene was at the arcade with a couple of friends on a Friday night. He was getting ready to play a game but realized he forgot his wallet. His friend Jack noticed this and offered to let him borrow money. Rene appreciated his offer and took him up on it. Rene then played games.
Neil took a flight into Bangkok. He walked around to see the sights. There were so many delicious local foods! And the souvenirs were wonderful, too! Neil decided he never wanted to go to Bangkok again.
Amy wanted to straighten her curly hair. She went to the store and purchased a flat iron straightener. She washed and then spent 2 hours straightening her hair. It rained and her hair got wet. Amy was pleased.
I love this one Italian place by my girlfriend's house. We go there together all the time and it's always amazing. I love their pasta selection and the prices are amazing! We've been going there for so long that the staff knows what we get. We walk in and the food is on the table right away.
Mike is a cop who got shot in the leg. He had never gotten shot before, it made him think about life. He didn't know if he would go back to work. He saw the crime on the news that night. And he decided that it was his calling to fight crime.
Tracy never believed in marriage. Doug taught Tracy how to feel love again. Doug and Tracy made a commitment to each other. Doug broke his wedding vows to Tracy. Tracy's apprehensions about marriage were confirmed.
Joseph was at the library. He wanted a new book but had no idea what to get. With so many choices, he felt overwhelmed. He decided on a new method of choosing a book. Joseph went downstairs and got an ice cream.
Neil loved Dublin! He thought the Irish capital was lively and friendly. But his favorite place was Trinity College. He saw the ancient Book of Kells on display there. Neil was bored of the trip and went home.
Ray loved spending the day at the beach. He and his girlfriend spent hours laying in the sand, getting sun. Ray liked to read a book and listen to music on his MP3 player. His girlfriend liked to go in the water for a bit. They didn't like the beach anymore.
Last night I got woken up by a call. My friend had a flat tired and was stuck in the middle of the road. I had to go out in the middle of the night to help. It was cold and annoying but I was able to help put the spare on. Then I took the tire off and left him stranded.
Grace came home from work one summer day. She opened the freezer to get ice cubes for a cold drink. But then she found something awful. The power had cut out and all the ice was melted! Grace was happy about the ice.
Harrison was playing a game of volleyball with friends. He hit the ball over the net and scored a point. However emily, on the opposing team also scored. The game was tied, until Harrison scored the winning point. Harrison was happy and excited.
Sally entered a contest online and won some gift cards. The person in charge of prizes got her address and mailed them out. Sally got them in the mail a few days later. She went online and decided what she'd like to buy. Sally could not buy anything without any money.
Fred decides that he would like to start remembering his daily life. He goes to the local store and buys a diary. From that day forward, Fred records everything he does in his diary. Year's later Fred references the diary to see how he spent his time. Fred enjoyed reading stories from his past.
Sky went to Turkey with her class. She landed in Istanbul and started sightseeing. All the students loved the architecture. And they thought the food was great too! Sky never wanted her trip to end.
Joss's family was hosting an exchange student. Joss was afraid she and the new girl would not get along. But when the girl arrived, they liked each other! They soon were shopping and chatting together all the time. Joss considered the exchange student to be like a sister.
Joe and Mary invited friends over for dinner. The gathered in the kitchen and prepared pizza. As the pizza cooked, the couples got board games. The played games for hours. They all had fun.
I love to play baseball but I hate watching baseball. It's fun to play but honestly it's so boring to watch. My dad loves to watch it and I sometimes sit with him and watch. We talk about the old days when we used to play together outside. It's nice to relax and reminisce.
The upstairs neighbors are always stomping around. Even late at night. They're almost always home. I tried talking to them about it and they said they'd be quieter. They were so quiet, I had to call the police.
Robbie wanted to buy a new hat. He drove an hour just to get the new hat he wanted. Finally when he got there he got the last one. When he tried it on it fit perfectly. He threw it in the trash.
Neil knew what he had to do on his visit to Dublin. He couldn't leave the city without visiting its many pubs! Neil saw dozens of pubs and had dozens of pints. He got very tipsy, but he remembered one thing for sure. He did not drive under the influence.
Francisco is jealous of all his friends who go skiing in the winter. He decides he wants to ski too. Francisco works with an instructor to learn how to ski. He practices very hard. Francisco became a good skier.
Sai normally hated picture days at school. They were tedious and he never looked as nice as some other kids. To try and help Sai feel better, his mom bought him a new sweater. Sai wore the sweater to picture day and got a lot of compliments. Sal felt great.
Alycia parked her car on the street and headed into town. She joined her friends and they had a great night. It got late, and Alycia's car seemed to not be where she left it. Before long, all ten friends had joined in the car finding adventure. Surprise they found it on the street she parked it.
My mother used to have a pet goat. She took very good care of it. One day, she realized the goat was missing. She asked her mother where it was. Katie was relieved when her mother said the back yard.
An oompah band and a mariachi band met on the street. They decided to have an impromptu jam session. They soon discovered that their styles were incompatible. Nearby residents called the police to complain about the noise. The police told them to keep playing.
The game was tied. The last point made would determine the winner of the match. Eric served the tennis ball to Bill. Bill almost missed the ball, but he managed to hit it. Eric couldn't return Bill's hit and lost the match.
It was the end of summer, and time for back to school shopping. It was the first year Gina's mom let them come with. She took them to the Marshall's near their home. There were only a few things in their price range. Gina's mother took out a loan to cover the expenses.
A squirrel lived in the tree in my mom's yard. She began to feed it peanuts. One day, she noticed there were now lots of squirrels in her tree. She started to feed them all peanuts. The squirrels began to come to her house more often.
My niece got a new bicycle for Christmas. She was afraid that she would fall of her new bicycle. I decided to help my niece learn to ride. I held the bike as she begins cycling. She soon learned to ride.
Gina had detention. It was her first time. She talked with friends outside the room while pretending to be cool. Inside her stomach was turning in knots. Gina was worried about her parents finding out.
Alicia liked where she lived. One day, her parents told her they were moving. She was very sad. On moving day she said goodbye to her friends. Alicia was happy to be leaving her old house.
Brian was asked to watch his friends dog. They left a notebook to keep a log. He would update it with the times he went there. Right before he came back he left a message regarding their time. He had to admit he didn't really like their cat very much.
Last night I marked baked chicken. When I put in the oven, I walked away. To my dismay I smelled something burnt. I looked in the oven and the chicken was ruined. I loved the new raincoat I bought.
Laura woke up early to make it to her class on time. She made herself breakfast before she left for school. After breakfast, Laura left her house and got on the bus. When she got to school, she saw a sign that said class cancelled! Laura had a good day in class that day.
Ray hung a tire on a rope to make his daughter a swing. She climbed into it and played happily. Then Ray heard a loud, sickening crack, and a loud crash. The branch holding the swing had broken and his daughter had fallen! Ray ran to his daughter to make sure she was okay.
The girls went to a bar. They opened a tab. They had a few drinks. They finally decided to close their tab. They got into the plane.
Last week I had to give a big speech. I never prepared and only new the very basics. I figured i would just go in and fake it. I used big words and tried to sound smart. I stopped talking and went home.
Miss Jio called Nate's parents in for a conference. She said that Nate was disruptive and needed medication. Nate's parents went home and had a long talk. They took Nate to the doctor, who told them no medicine. He gave the parents a prescription, which they filled promptly.
There Was this amazing Italian place down the street from Alice. She used to go there almost every week. She loves the pastas that they serve there. One day she tried to go there and found out they closed down. She invited all her friends to join her at that restaurant.
I ran out of noodles. I got in my car and rushed to the store. I purchased my favorite brand of noodles. I hurried home. I threw the noodles in the trash.
Pete had to meet with his realtor. He was soon to buy a house. Pete could not find the contract given to him by his realtor. He looked all over his home. Pete decided it would be a great time to take a trip to Vegas.
Fred loved the amusement park but he never rode a roller coaster. His friends teased him that he was afraid of heights. One day at the amusement park he decided to face his fears. Fred rode the fastest and scariest roller coaster at the park! He was so happy that he did and loved the park even more.
Wendy bought some bath oil online. She misread the directions and applied it all over her body. To her horror, her skin had turned pink. She complained to the company promptly. The company gave Wendy a full refund and apology.
Jackson had always avoided drinking anything alcoholic. He knew that alcohol was unhealthy and could impair judgement. However, one day Jackson's boss invited him to a bar for a beer. Jackson found that he loved the taste of beer. E spit out his beer.
A frog was hungry for a late dinner. He looked across the pond and spied a fly. The frog swam up to the fly quietly. Unfortunately, the fly saw him coming and buzzed away. The frog was still hungry.
Oscar never made his bed. His mom always wanted him to. Finally he decided to start making his bed. His mom was proud. She yelled at him.
One day I was walking through the woods. From several yards away, I saw a red snake. I froze immediately. I began to slowly walk backwards. The snake bit me.
Phil felt a rush the first time he won a hand in blackjack. He started going to the casino multiple times a week. His losses were piling up a lot faster than his wins. In less than a year, he was out of money completely. He decided he needed to do something about his addiction.
My cousin asked me if there was a point in my  life that was tough. I pulled out a photo frame. The pictures showed the moments where I was in the hospital. I explained to her the fact that I used to be a leukemia patient. She stormed out, claiming I always changed the topic.
Matthew's mother was busy working on the computer. Matthew screamed. Matthew stomped. Matthew's mother relented and abandoned her work. Matthew's mother put Matthew in his time-out corner.
Tine wanted to make the track team. She hoped she was fast enough. For a month before tryouts, she ran on her own. She rose early every morning to run for miles. Tine sat on the couch and ate bonbons instead of trying out.
I used to hunt often. This past time I went home, I hunted at night. I was quiet for a long time. Finally, I saw something moving in the dark. It was a deer that I was able to stalk and shoot successfully.
Jack and Chad climbed down the Grand Canyon Wall. Jack paused to take a picture, leaning to get a good shot angle. Jack accidentally sat on a cactus. Needles were now stuck in Jack's pants. Jack was able to climb without any discomfort.
Amy, Lynn and Kim walked to the store near Lynn's house. While there they saw Lynn's crush Jim. He was a bag boy at the store. They stopped and talked to him for awhile. Lynn told Jim the he is unattractive.
Riley was not very popular at school. She wore funny clothes. One day, her friend suggested they do makeovers. Riley agreed to make herself over. Riley stopped being friends.
Ann is pregnant. She was very excited knowing this for she always wanted a baby. A couple months in, she had a miscarriage. She is deeply traumatized by it. Ann is relieved she is not pregnant.
Aya wanted to be a model. She thought she had a chance since she was thin and pretty. So she entered her town's annual modeling contest. To her shock, she won the contest. Aya was very upset about the outcome of the contest.
Jared was grounded for a week. He never cleaned his room. His parents told him he would get days off for dusting. He went around dusting the entire house. His parents threw him out of the house.
Anna was walking to school one morning. She entered the crosswalk on the main road. A car suddenly flew into it and struck her. Anna was crushed and her leg was broken. Anna went to the club and danced all night long.
Dave gathered up all of his beach gear. He took the day off just so he could spend it on the beach. When he went outside he discovered it was much to dark. The sky was full of black storm clouds. Dave was so relieved!
Ron and Kim wanted a new house. Ron decided to work overtime at work as much as he could. In a few Years he had saved all his overtime pay and had lots of cash. He and Kim started shopping for a new, bigger home. They both purchased sportscars with the money.
I wrote an ebook that needed a cover. I made several book covers in Photoshop. I shared my creations with several people. I asked people to vote for Cover A or Cover B. Most people liked Cover A.
We bought a new cat post last week. The old one was very worn. Our cat is very picky. It the post is not made of sisal she will reject it. The cat rejected the new post made of sisal.
Daniel wanted to establish himself as a writer. Daniel made a website where he could post article he wrote. The website slowly built and gained attention. The building and gaining was too slow for Daniel to succeed. Daniel had to get an actual job.
Jeff had the basketball in his hand. Gary was waving his hands in the air since he was open for a shot. Jeff ignored him and ran towards the hoop. Two guards were approaching him. Gary thanked me for my thoughtfulness.
Daddy took us to the woods to camp. He taught us how to build a fire with sticks. He helped us learn how to make our own tents. We fell asleep counting the stars in the sky. We had a wonderful time camping.
During the end of the week, I went to the local market. Since several items were for sale, I've looked at them. Some were vegetables and juice containers for a 50% discount. I took several of the items and went to the checkout. I decided to throw my bowling ball on the counter.
Joey worked for a great company but her hours were cut. The company said they had to let her go and laid her off. Joey began looking for another job right away. She had a hard time finding work but gave job searching her all. Joey spent her days playing video games.
Joe lived a lonely life. He never had anything to do but watch tv. One day he decided to meet people on craigslist. He was able to make new friends. He was much happier now that he some companions in his life.
Amy was very stressed out all the time. A friend suggested that she try meditation. Amy was skeptical, but she agreed to give it a shot. She went to a class and breathed and focused. It helped her mental state immensely.
Nya tried to eat healthy and watch her weight. But one night she was craving comfort food. She decided to order some fried chicken and mashed potatoes. She ate the greasy, fatty food with relish. Nya later regret eating unhealthy food.
My roommate was sick. She stayed home from work and school. She slept all day long. By the end of the day, she was feeling better. She hoped she would soon be sick again.
Ted and his friends went to the park to climb a mountain. They started on the hike. After two hours, they got tired and took a break. They finished the hike and were at the top. The view was great and Ted was happy they had come.
It is usually calm and warm in the morning, in Florida. Yesterday morning it was very windy, though. The palm tree fronds were blowing so hard they scraped the windows. I turned on the TV and a tornado warning came on! So I went outside to play.
I've been on an art kick lately. I received a drawing instruction book for Christmas. The book has a shopping list of necessary drawing supplies. I went to the store the other day and bought what I needed. I went home and practiced drawing.
Lisa began to realize that she did not enjoy studying business. She wanted to study art but was worried about making money. Finally, one day she had the courage to drop out of school. Her friends and family told her it was crazy to leave school. Lisa got a degree in business.
Mary wanted to go to a late movie. Unfortunately she had school and strict parents. She waited until everyone fell asleep and sneaked out. She saw the movie with friends and had a great time. Mary's friends were very disappointed in her.
Ivy had been asked on an unconventional date. Her crush Peter had asked her to go hiking! Ivy agreed. They went to the woods and hiked for hours. Ivy returned home, and never spoke to Peter again.
A man went to design the tallest tower in the world. He drew plans to make it twice as high as the current tallest. He took the plans to a developer to build. The developer asked him how tall to build the tower. The man built the tower and it was grand.
Lauren and her sisters are visiting Jacksonville Florida this week. On the last day of their trip they want a picture together. Lauren and her sisters pose in front of a cute cafe. She has the picture developed and sends each sister a copy. She tore the picture up and threw it away.
Liz was babysitting a 5 year old boy. He wanted to play hide and seek. She found him a few times but then he disappeared. She was getting frantic as she searched the house for him. When she heard him giggling from a closet, Liz was relieved.
Mark was running late to work. He tried to get their on time by driving over the speed limit. A traffic cop pulled him over. He was given a speeding ticket. Mark was early for work.
Amy always wanted to play the flute. The first day of band she told the teacher so. She practiced on her flute everyday for a week. It was terribly hard to play the flute. Amy showed little interest in the flute.
Bryan was shopping for fruit for his family. He looked through the whole aisle but could not decide on a fruit. His wife hated grapes, his daughter hated apples. Even his son was a fussy fruit eater! Bryan decided to buy bananas.
Emily took her child to the zoo. The saw many animals, including lions. Her child was very afraid of the lions. He started to scream and cry. Emily picked up her child to comfort him.
Kim could have a puppy if she scored a basket in the game. She practiced all day at home. She practiced in the gym after school with her team. Finally it was the day of the big game. Kim was upset when her family got a puppy.
Karen was a softball player. Her team wasn't doing very well. Her coach gave them a very inspiring speech. Everyone started to practice and work much harder. Karen felt unmotivated after hearing the speech.
Kayla hadn't been to a social event in nearly three Year's. She was suffering from crippling anxiety. The longer she went without interacting, the more difficult it became. Her brother was nervous for her and took her to a therapist. Kayla told the therapist she was suicidal and asked for help.
Ricky fell while hiking in the woods. He was terrified! He thought he had fallen into a patch of poison ivy. Then he used his nature guide to identify the plant. Ricky was soaking wet from falling in the pond.
My husband loves Blue Belle ice cream. Not too long ago, Blue Belle had a recall and quit producing. My son works at Kroger, they recently had a meeting about Blue Belle. Blue Belle ice cream arrived at Kroger last week. My husband is so disappointed!
Oni had never performed before an audience. But he entered the talent show hoping to win the grand prize. He thought he would just give it his best try. Oni sang in the show and everyone applauded. The talent show told Oni to never come back.
Ralph hates shopping. His mom makes him go. They are there for a long time. Ralph helps his mom load and unload the groceries. He is surprised when his mom gives him money for helping.
Kayla borrowed a book from her sister. She brought the book with her to a coffee shop to read. Kayla accidentally spilled some of her vanilla latte on the book. She immediately went home to inform her sister. Her sister was mad!
Lenny wanted to watch a movie. He drove to the local Hollywood video. Lenny rented three horror movies. Lenny went next door and bought a pizza from a shop. When he got home, he prepared to return his three movies.
Laura told a story of burning bras in the 60's. The crowd went wild after learning this personal information. Laura assured the crowd that was long ago. She put her bid in for President. Laura then became elected by the country.
Charlie wanted to be a police officer in Hawaii. He passed his tests and was hired in Honolulu. Charlie liked interacting with the community. Charlie didn't like the amount of corruption in the force. Charlie vowed to change things if he was ever made chief.
I had two dogs that were very close. The older dog got very sick and was put to sleep. The younger dog was very lonely. We have a neighbor dog come over to play. Our dog feels much better playing with another dog.
Sean's roommates notice that his clothes and bed start to smell. They tell him he needs to clean his laundry pretty soon. Sean protests at first, but finally he cleans his laundry. His roommates are grateful that Sean no longer smells as bad. They tell him to never wait so long to do laundry again.
My friend wants to be a doctor, so she took the MCAT. The first time she took it, she did not get a good enough score. She studied very hard and took it again. This time, she did very well! We took her out to drinks to celebrate.
Kelly went down to the ocean to relax. She immediately went and put her feet in. As she put her feet in however, the wave captured her. Her clothes got soaked. Kelly was very happy to have soaking wet clothes.
Ben was excited to go fishing with his grandfather for the first time. However, he found putting the worms on the hook to be disgusting. He accidentally pricked his finger with one of the hooks, too. Ben soon realized that fishing was not for him. Ben asked his grandfather if they could watch a movie instead.
Amelia was getting ready for a date at a nice Italian restaurant. Amelia's friend had set her up on a blind date a week prior. She got to the restaurant early and waited for her date. Thirty minutes had passed and her date did not show up. Amelia was very happy.
The mom really wanted to get the boy's picture with Santa. The boy was scared and refused. The mom told the boy that Santa was responsible for bringing presents. This changed the boy's mind. The boy left without getting his picture taken.
Stewart tried to finish his favorite task before going to bed. He got so engrossed in it, he forgot to keep the fire going. Shivering, he pulled a bunch of blankets around himself. He became very warm and content. Stewart was glad that he remembered to keep the fire going.
Anthony wanted to learn how to speak Spanish. He found an online Spanish course, and he enrolled. Anthony studied hard, and eventually he learned the language. Anthony speaks Spanish fluently now. Anthony could not get the language down properly.
Amy went to the grocery store after work. She had a short list of items to buy. The store was out of half the items. Amy had to go to a second grocery store. After that she was able to go home and cook a good meal.
Joanie got ready to blow dry her hair for a date. She was upset to find her blow dryer missing. Then, Joanie heard a familiar sound coming from outside. She saw her brother using the blow dryer. Joanie ran outside to confront her brother.
Cornelia decides that she wants to rearrange her apartment. Her bed has stood next to the wall for many Year's. Cornelia moves her bed to sit next to the window. When her friends sees her new arrangement, they love it. Soon all her friends had arranged their beds the same way.
Tim loved his motorcycle. He rode it whenever he could. Up until last week when he wrecked. Now he almost never rides it. Tim is scared to ride his motorcycle.
Wendy landed her first job as a nurse at a nursing home. She really loved her job and connected with the residents. She really enjoyed talking to a little old lady in particular. One day, the lady showed her pictures of her children. Wendy enjoyed seeing the photos.
Tom and Jake went to a concert. They were seeing this band they love. They went into the general admission area. Some very tall people were standing so they couldn't see a thing. Tom and Jake enjoyed the nice view.
Lester was proud that he had spent Years without a cell phone. He liked to think he was less dependent on technology than others. However, one day his car had a flat tire and he wished he had a phone. He did not want to have an experience like that again. Lester went out and got the best cell phone he could afford.
Ben needed an oil change in his car. He knew they were quite expensive. Then he saw a coupon in the paper. Ben cut it out and took it to the garage. Ben sold his kidney for crack.
I woke up hungry. I poured a bowl of cereal but found I did not have any milk. After contemplating using water I decided to go to the store. I walked to the corner and got a half gallon of 2%. I came home and ate pizza.
Anna had a saltwater fish tank. She only kept coral in it. Then she decided she wanted some fish, too. She bought a few small clownfish and triggers. Now Anna has a diverse tank with fish and coral.
Holly was a beautiful black cat that Lee loved very much. Saddly, Holy got very sick and Lee had to put her to sleep. Lee was very sad missing Holly everyday. One day soon after a little black kitten showed up at Lee's back door. Lee decided to adopt the kitten.
Bob needed a new pair of socks. He went to the local department store to buy them. The store was having a big sale. He found himself buying lots of great stuff. Bob returned everything the next day.
Young Reggie loved playing and watching american football. His favorite player was running back Jamal Lewis. He was at the Salt Lake Airport with his family and saw his hero. He went up to him saying that he will also play professional football. Young Reggie told him to stay far away from him.
Ella found a tiny robin on the ground. She knew it must have fallen from its nest. She wrapped it carefully and made it a safe home. Then she fed it worms by hand. But she didn't want the robin anymore.
I made a resolution to quit my job. I wrote my letter of resignation. I quietly went to the office and turned it in. I quit my job. I go back to work at my job tomorrow.
I put the black plastic rose in a vase with water. I left it atop my bookcase for a few weeks. Ten people asked me about it. They wanted to know why I had a watered, fake flower. After a few weeks the flower died.
Ben decided to treat himself to a coffee. He paid for the coffee using his debit card. Later, the bank called him saying he over-drafted. They explained that he had to pay a thirty dollar charge. Ben was happy after getting the call from the bank.
Chris was on his second layover of the week. Pacing around the airport, he decided he would make use of this time. Installing an app on his phone, he began practicing his french. Another patron of the airport overheard him and offered him assistance The patron didn't understand Chris because he only spoke Chinese.
When I was a kid, Google started for the first time. I remember asking my dad how to use the site. He showed me how to type and search anything I wanted. I became enthralled, and spent every day at my desk having fun. I quickly become very angry at it.
Jeff was up for a promotion in which he would have to interview for. He went home and studied real hard, memorizing his answers. He prepped for many days until he felt prepared for the interview. He went in for his interview and passed with flying colors! He realized he needed to quit his job.
Ritz was born in a large litter of 12 other puppies. When he was eight weeks old he was given away to a lovely family. They raised him well and he led a very happy life. Things changed one day for Ritz when his owner got cancer. His owner began running 12 miles a day.
Mia loved being outdoors. One summer, she decided to go mountain climbing. She joined a club of people who climbed mountains together. They climbed the tallest mountain in her area. Mia wished she could be indoors.
Fred's boss called him into the office at the propane filling station. He told Fred that times were tough and he had to be laid off. Fred became very angry about this. He picked up his boss by the collar and threw him down. Fred's coworker who saw him assault his boss called the police.
My sister in law is trying to save money. She is a recent widow living on a pension. She recently returned two of three cable boxes. I told her that antennas work well now that broadcasts are HD. She was glad to hear that.
Victor has always prided himself on trying new foods. However, he has never eaten a pistachio. One day he buys a jar of pistachios to eat at home. He loves how they taste. Victor realizes he has left his sweatshirt at the gym.
Sharon had kept a bag of unknown seeds for Years. She decided one day to plant the seeds. Sharon put them in planters, believing they would be small plants. Sharon couldn't have been more wrong in her assumption! They ended up being huge plants.
It was a gorgeous day outside. Emily wanted to take advantage of the great weather. She decided to go to the park. Emily was disappointed when she found out her car wouldn't start. She drove her car to the mechanic to get it looked at.
Tom was tired of everyday life. So, he decided to move off the grid. His first week was ok, but soon he ran out of water. He suffered for two days and still couldn't find any. Tom loved the idea of a fast.
Tim wanted to learn astronomy. He wanted to go into outer space. However he was to young to be an astronaut. This news made him sad. Tim hated mars.
My sister in law works in an assisted living center. She is a waitress. She gave us a calendar issued by the center. It showed her dressed up for Saint Patrick's Day. My sister was hiding something from us.
Fred decided to buy some shares of Apple. The stock price was 90 dollars when he bought it. Luckily they had great earnings yesterday. The stock then went up to 100 dollars. Fred was very happy.
Jen was so confident in her preparations for the county spelling bee. She had spent the past month studying the dictionary every night. When the Bee started, Jen survived as others got knocked out. It all came down to the final two and Jen's opponent had messed up. Jen lost the spelling bee.
Kelly hasn't left her apartment in years. I went up to her place today to say hello. I could tell she was reluctant to let me in. We talked for a while about how she's doing. Kelly is agoraphobic.
Emily was at the beach. The weather started out tranquil. Suddenly the wind began to pick up severely. Anna was caught in a scary sandstorm! She was fortunately able to get back to the beach house safely.
Andrew had never been in trouble for anything. His parents were out of town for the week. Andrew's friends came over and wanted to drink. So Andrew took out his parents secret stash of alcohol. They drank the alcohol and got drunk.
Ellen used to live in the country. She misses having days with the power out. One day an ice storm caused the power to go out in her city home. She got very cold. Ellen was perfectly comfortable.
Jose was excited. He had just gotten a new skateboard and wanted to try it out. He took it straight to the skatepark. He skated all day. Jose threw away his skateboard.
Mike was sitting at his desk. But suddenly, he felt a strange itching sensation on his arm. He felt his legs become itchy too. And then his face. Mike started laughing hysterically.
Jill went on a road trip last month. She wanted to travel from Boston to Seattle. Halfway through, her car broke down. She spent hours on the side of the road, waiting for AAA. They fixed her car and sent her on her way.
The principal announced there would be a school dance that Friday. Mary became excited about the dance. She wanted Dan to ask her to the school dance. Dan saw Mary in the hallway and told her he needed to talk to her. She was happy he asked her to the dance.
A new Organic Avenue store opened up in NYC and I checked it out. I was super excited to try it because I never went before. As I walked in, they had amazing salads and juices to try. I tried a summer salad and coconut water. This was my new favorite restaurant.
Cindy's room had white walls. But she complained that they reflected too much light. So she decided to have her walls painted blue. She thought her room was more calming. She was pleased with the results.
I joined a fantasy football league for the first time this year. I joined my buddy's group because they needed one more person. I've never played before in my life. I ended up winning first place! I was very disappointed.
Helen got up for work early. It snowed the night before so she had to shovel her car out. It took her an hour to clear the snow. Heading back in the house to get ready, she heard a familiar sound. Helen went down to the lake to rent a jet-ski.
After the state basketball championship reporters interviewed the team. Dan asked if this was live or recorded. The journalist informed him it was a live show. Dan said to the camera his father was his inspiration. Dan was ashamed of this father.
Jeremy has a distinct and strong personality. He had a bad time with his job and got fired. He spoke some unflattering things to his manager and co-workers. Since then, he's found it difficult to find a job. Jeremy's demeanor is perfect for the workplace.
Fran bought a house on the beach. Everyday the cranes would feed off of the bugs in her yard. One day though the cranes stopped coming around. Several months went by and still no cranes Fran suffered a fatal heart attack as she arranged flowers.
Our team had a football game today. We were all pumped to win. We got on the field and practiced before the game. Our team was unified, and worked together. Our team felt gratified.
Kelly hated math class and struggled to learn the concepts. She struggled a lot with the work and often sought help from teachers. She worked very hard and it paid off with good grades. She was entering college in the fall. Kelly graduated with good grades.
Sophie's nana was terminally ill. Sophie visited her in the hospital to say goodbye. Her nana gave Sophie her prized gold locket. She told Sophie to keep it to remember her by. Sophie laughed in her face.
Kelly had a new job interview today. She got ready in ten minutes and raced out the door. When she got there and met with the woman, she answered questions. When the interview was done, they told her they would call her back. Kelly hoped that she wouldn't get a phone call.
Don noticed a fly go into the living room. He decided to swat it. He tried for half an hour but it kept evading him. Eventually the fly flew out on its own. Don never went to the lake again.
Zack and his friends passed a scary house on their walks to school. One day, they decided to go inside it. Zack and his friends went inside every room. The house was old and abandoned. They left and went to school.
Mia went to the casino last night. She began the night by playing some poker. After losing a considerable amount of money, she played slots. She was nearly out of money when the herd RING RING RING. Mia lost even more money.
Portia loves walking through the woods nearby her house. However, she notices that her sneakers are becoming muddy and gross. She decides to buy a pair of hiking boots. Portia finds a pair that is comfortable and not too expensive. She donates the boots to the thrift store.
Andrew was getting married tomorrow. He had bought the wedding ring months before and couldn't find it! He looked everywhere in his house. Finally he remembered that it was back at the store to get resized. Andrew was so relieved.
Terry found 2 hundred dollars at work. He took the money home but he wondered if he did the right thing. The next day he took the money to work and turned it in. After a week no one claimed the money so his boss gave it back to him. He learned that honesty pays.
I love taking long warm showers. They feel great and they're fun. Unfortunately they're wasteful. So I always feel bad when I take one. I decided to only take one long warm shower per week.
Barry loves playing baseball. Barry decided that he would go and watch a professional game. Barry went to the stadium, and purchased a ticket. Upon entering, Barry decided to grab a beer to drink. Barry decided to leave the game.
We had fruit flies in our home last year. We looked up various treatments. We tried red wine in bowls. When that didn't work we bought a special trap. We could even see the trap working.
Remy liked to drink milk. But one day, she spilled milk all over her carpet. And she didn't think bother to clean the spill properly. The next morning, she woke up to a terrible smell. Remy felt it was a good idea to spill more milk on the carpet.
Heather and Marcus were ready for the next step in their relationship. They were happy newlyweds, but wanted an addition to their family. Although not quite ready for kids, they still felt lonely. On a whim, they went to an animal shelter and fell in love with a cat. They left the shelter without an animal.
Lots of people were walking to class. They all wanted to get there fast. People started pushing others out of the way. They fell down. The crowd made many people late to class.
Last Saturday I went to an Azalea concert. The concert was amazing. I got to be in the front row. After the show I went backstage to meet her. I won't be going back to another concert.
Eric has always been overweight. His new year's resolution was to stick to a diet. He went to the gym in January and ate healthier. That last about a month. Eric stopped being anorexic.
Sally was struggling to do well in school. Her parents decided they needed to motivate her. They said if she did well her last semester, she picks the vacation. Sally studied night and day, she wanted to do well. Sally did well, and her parents agreed to take her to Hawaii.
When I was a kid, my siblings and I needed money. We came up with the idea for a lemonade stand. We decided to set up outside our house. We sold lemonade to a few dozen people. We made a lot of money for our needs.
I loved flashlights as a kid. When I got older I bought small clip on flashlights. I put them on my bag to use in case of emergencies. Later, the advent of the smartphone made flashlights less needed. I hate my smartphone.
Terry hated his name. He wanted a cool name like Super Metro Volcano Man. He told his mother he wanted to change his name. His mother explained that he was named after his loving grandfather. Terry was still disappointed.
The Parker family was looking for a new house. They looked all over town but couldn't find a home they wanted. Finally they found a beautiful home they loved. The home was absolutely gorgeous. The Parker family soon moved into their new home.
Tom decided to drive to his girlfriend's house today. He drove as fast as he can although there was a lot of traffic. When he got into the front of the house, he rang the doorbell. No one answered however, the front door was open. Tom began to worry.
Kelly's car battery died. She tried to have it jumped but it didn't work. Eventually she took it to the auto store. They checked it for her and it was dead. Kelly reluctantly paid for a new battery.
Joe bought a skateboard with his savings. He took his new skateboard to the park to show it off to his friends. While doing a trick, Joe fell and broke his arm. He spent four hours at the hospital getting his arm set. Joe was in terrible pain.
Maddie decided it was time for back to school shopping. It was mid August and classes were beginning soon. She looked up her course requirements and shopping lists. Than, she looked through all the ads in the paper for the best deals. She found the best places to shop and purchase all her supplies.
Neil had enjoyed Chinese food in Hunan. But he was told the spicier food was in Szechuan province. Intrigued, he took a train there. Then he ordered a plate of rice and noodles. Neil loved eating bread.
I spent most of my detention time sleeping class. My teacher told me to wake up since no sleeping was aloud. I tried to remain awake and work on a few assignments. When my teacher escorted me out of the class, I was happy. The teacher was happy I slept in detention.
Amanda was watching a squirrel collect acorns. Amanda was fascinated with how efficient the squirrel was. Amanda watched the squirrel as he carried the acorns to his nest. Amanda also saw how the squirrel was very watchful over the acorns. Amanda finds nature boring.
Terry loves to swim but he never learned how to dive. He always jumps in the water feet first. This summer Terry decides he wants to learn how to dive in the water. He practices diving very hard every day. Terry has given up swimming.
Peter was excited for the class field trip. He was looking forward to visiting the science museum. The place had many cool exhibits and interactive displays. Peter was fascinated by the physics and space demonstrations. Peter grew up to be a scientist.
Kaylee went to work at Cedar Point, the amusement park. While working at Cedar Point, she met James. Kaylee and James started to like each other and soon started dating. One year later, James proposed to Kaylee. James was sad about the proposal.
Joanie was interviewing for her first job. She was very nervous. She really wanted to get the position at the ice cream shop. She thought the interview went pretty well. The next day she got a call and was offered the job.
Ana was a hardworking mom. One day she booked herself an afternoon at a spa. She had her whole body massaged. She even had hydrotherapy sessions. She felt magnificently relaxed and contented afterwards.
Bob was a worker on Mechanical Turk. He got a fifty dollar bonus. Bob was happy because it was the biggest bonus he had gotten. Bob put on his glasses and realized it was actually five dollars. Bob was still happy, but less excited.
Mom didn't want to cook dinner tonight. We were all very hungry. She told us to fend for ourselves. We ate cold cereal for dinner tonight. It was the best meal we ever had.
Mary's family was getting together for a holiday dinner at the club. Everyone was going to be there except for Mary's Grandfather. Mary was sad that the whole family would not be together. When she got to the club, she was surprised to see her grandfather! Mary was so happy!
The children were inside playing when they heard music. They ran to their mother and begged for change. She handed them a couple of dollars. They took off running outside, catching up to the ice cream truck. The children excitedly bought ice cream cones.
We wanted to go to the beach one weekend. After discussing it, we didn't want to drive. We proceeded to look online for an airplane ticket. After purchasing a cheap ticket, we headed to the airport. We decided to keep driving past the airport to the beach.
Susan woke up early. She had to feed the animals before work. She found that her rabbit had bunnies. Susan was very pleased at the sight of them. Susan took good care of them.
I always try to go to bed on time. Last night I was hooked watching a new tv show. Before I knew it it was really late. I should have been asleep hours ago. I hated the television show.
Howard was feeling happy one morning. He decided to spend all day enjoying his life. All day, while at work, he complimented his coworkers. When he got home, he took his family to see a movie and have dinner. Howard sat and cried the whole time.
A man arrived at a construction site for his job. He put on his hardhat, grabbed his tools and walked into the site. While he was walking, a large brick fell and hit him on the head. The man was knocked out, and his co workers ran to help him. The man began to run towards them.
Trent's family owned a camping supply store. Trent hated camping though. Every summer his parents made him go on a camping trip. This summer Trent was in charge of keeping the fire going in the wind. Trent was careless and caused a huge fire.
George decided to buy a TV. He found a very nice TV that he wanted and went to pick it up. A few days later, George awoke to a surprise. His TV had been stolen. Things had turned out just as he'd hoped.
Tommy was 17 when he dyed his hair pink. He thought it was punk and cool. Some of his friends agreed. His parents thought it was stupid. They made Tommy shave his head.
Robbie was looking for help shoveling her car out of the snow. She posted on Facebook, hoping somebody would see. Cameron saw the post, and felt sympathy for Robbie and her car. Since he had the day off work, Cameron said he could help. Cameron went to the movies and watched Ghostbusters.
Ronald kicked his shoes off and laid on the couch for a nap. When he woke up, he went to put his shoes on. But he couldn't lace them up because the strings were missing! He looked all over but couldn't find them. Ronald went to look for more laces.
Sara learned that she was expecting a child. She made it through the nine months of pregnancy. One day her water broke and she was taken to the hospital. Sara was in labor for 4 hours. Sara took a nap.
Last year my uncle bought a metal detector. He takes it to the beach every weekend. A few months ago he found a Rolex. It was worth a few hundred dollars. My uncle enjoys his hobby.
I went to babysit my 5-year-old nephew in San Francisco. My sister encouraged me to bike her kid to school. I was afraid to bike across the city with my nephew in tow. Instead, we biked through Golden Gate Park to the beach and the zoo. We had a great time!
Alice's friends invited her out to lunch. She drove out to meet them at a restaurant. Her friends were waiting at a table but had already ordered. By the time she had her food, they were already done eating. Alice felt her friends were very thoughtful.
My children and I visited the local animal shelter. We looked at puppies and kittens in their cages. My daughters picked out a friendly puppy. They played with her and rubbed her belly. I decided to buy her a candy bar instead.
Mario got up out of bed. Today was his wedding day and he already felt the butterflies. He shaved and showered happily. He got dressed and went to the church. Mario spent the afternoon catching butterflies in the park.
Zeke was tired of living in America. He decided to move to Cozumel. He went to the Cozumel beach and bought some land. Zeke decided to build a house on that land. Zeke lived out his life very happy.
Kelly wanted to be in the Navy. She asked a recruiter about it. He advised her to complete an application. She filled it out and submitted it. And the US army got back to her.
Gina was in the lunch room at her new school. She only knew 2 people in the whole school. Neither of them was in this lunch room. She got her food and went outside. Gina felt very lonely.
Today we went on a plane ride. The plane was very big, I was scared. When we got on the plane Mom told me it will be fun. The plane made a lot of loud noises but it wasn't too bad. I am no longer afraid of planes.
Adam needed a new baseball cap. He looked online at different hats. He selected the perfect hat and ordered it. He was so excited to receive it. And he opened it as soon as it got there.
Ted and Beth are planning a wedding together. They noticed that they may not have enough to pay for it. Ted asked his parents to help pay and they agreed. Beth did the same with her parents and got some extra money too. They spent the money on candy.
Cindy got out of bed. But she couldn't find her slippers. Instead of making breakfast, spent all day looking for them. She gave up and ordered another pair. Luckily, the new ones were more comfortable than the old ones.
Neil had just arrived in Paris. He could not wait to see all the culture there! He spend his first day seeing art work. He visited three museums in just one day! Neil spent all his money too quickly, and never saw art again.
Jessica was getting ready to graduate from college. She worked very hard in school and thought she deserved a reward. Her father knew that Jessica wanted a vacation. On her graduation day, Jessica's father surprised her with tickets. Jessica was very angry with her dad.
Tim was too tall for all of his pants. He could not find a good outfit to wear for his trip to the park! Everything made his legs look too long, and silly. Then he decided to cut his jeans into shorts. Tim wore the jean-shorts to the park.
Sandy had purchased a new bed. She needed to clean her room before the delivery men arrived. She also needed to get rid of her old bed. Her friend Jim wanted her old bed. Sandy sold Jim her old bed.
In college, I had some terrible professors. They did not know how to teach the students. So, I learned to teach myself on my own. Instead of going to class, I went to the library and did exactly that. Teaching myself helped me get ahead of other students.
Timmy knew about this cute girl he went to school with. He followed her home one day. She stopped at a corner as he was following her. Timmy realized he had been caught, and was not sure what to do. He dived into the cool water.
Neil was visiting Egypt. He took a tour to see the Great Pyramids. He stared up at them in awe. They were so huge and ornate! Neil couldn't wait to get back to the hotel so he could watch TV.
Jen fell asleep with bleach in her hair. She only meant to leave it in for about 5 minutes, not nearly an hour. When she rinsed it out her hair was white with a blue tinge. She was in a panic but her mother said they could fix it. Jen's mother fixed Jen's discolored hair.
Doug was sad it was Christmas Eve and there was no snow. All Doug wanted was a white Christmas. He prayed to God for snow and went to sleep. When he woke up the next morning the room was filled with light. Doug found no snow and was instantly thrilled.
Sheryl worked as a museum curator. Her family told her she worked a boring job. She tried to tell them that she got to work with living history. She tried to tell that their office jobs were a whole lot worse. Sheryl was depressed that she was a museum curator.
Joe stretched as he rolled over in bed. His clock showed it was 10 am. He jumped out of bed, panicked. His alarm hadn't gone off. Joe went back to sleep.
Ned's wife said he'd passed away quietly in his sleep. His wife told all her friends she hadn't known he was ill. She swore it was the weirdest thing she'd ever seen. The police didn't buy her story and arrested her. She hired a defense attorney.
Jackie was admitted into the hospital today. Her baby is about to become born. Her husband came from work to comfort her. After 48 hours of being in labor, her baby was released. Jackie was very depressed.
My family wanted a pet. We went to the pet store on Saturday. We saw lots of dogs and kittens. We fell in love with a cute black kitten. We bought the kitten.
Joe's sister was always having her tests put up on the refrigerator. She got As all the time. Joe didn't ever get As. So he was proud when he came home with an A on his spelling homework. He was sad for the rest of the day.
Adam and Angel wanted to move out and get a place of their own. They searched for apartments online for weeks. They found a few apartments they liked quite a bit. They went and looked at the apartments they had chosen. They broke up after.
Greta was turning ten Year's old. She wanted to throw a birthday party. Greta handed out invitations for the party at school. When the day of the party came, no one showed up. Greta was very sad, but her parents cheered her up.
Shari was worried. Her wedding was tomorrow, and it was an outdoor ceremony. But rain was forecast! Thankfully, the wedding day dawned clear and sunny after all. All the guests were covered in snow.
Amy was excited it was Christmas Eve. She had been very good all year. She gave the list of her favorite toys to Santa at the mall. He told her she would receive everything she wanted. On Christmas, Amy got exactly what she hoped to get.
Anna had been tending her garden all summer. She went outside to harvest. All her fruits and veggies were ready! She picked them one by one. She had a bountiful harvest.
Kim had dropped her toothbrush in the toilet. She was disgusted by the thought of putting her hand in to pull it out. She grabbed a pair of scissors out of the drawer. Each time she had the toothbrush she would drop it. Kim decided this was a sign to buy a new toothbrush.
Hannah's parents signed her up for piano lessons. After her first piano lesson, Hannah felt discouraged. She tried to practice as hard as she could. Hannah could not get her fingers to work properly. Hannah gave up the piano.
Keira found a man she thought was a keeper. He had a great job, impressive house, and paid for all their dates. A few months into dating, Keira started planning her wedding dress. And then he hit her because she burned dinner. Keira cannot stay with this abusive man.
The shepherd opened the gate of the pen. He sent his dog into the pasture to round up the sheep. The dog herded the sheep towards the gate. The sheep moved together into the pen. The shepherd then released the sheep.
Walter was lonely ever since his wife had passed away. He met a nice lady at bingo and became friendly with her. He felt guilty though about what his late wife might think. Walter had a vivid dream in which his late wife reassured him. He decided to never date again.
Marina was walking past the library. She put her face down to avoid the harsh wind coming towards her face. All of a sudden a tumbleweed hit Marina's legs really hard. She looked down towards her legs but became disoriented. She couldn't believe how windy it was.
Yesterday I played the Powerball game. I picked my numbers from our family's bible. I purchased my tickets from a reputable online lottery agent. I prayed nervously as the winning numbers were drawn. I was disappointed when I won.
Amy is enrolled in an advanced Plant Biology course. She has a test next week about Photosynthesis. The information is complex and in depth. She wrote a song about it to memorize the material more easily. Her song helped her and she then did well.
Coming out of College, I was so nervous to start work. I could barely sleep the week before my start date. The day of, I was nauseous and jittery. However, a congratulatory text from my parents cheered me up. I had a great first day of work.
Seven-year-old Ben went to play at his friend Mike's house. Mike greeted Ben, and they went to play in Mike's room. First, they played with Mike's quadcopters for a long time. Then, they played with some trucks. But they didn't have any fun.
A waiter was dying to go home but he still had a table eating. The waiter printed out the bill and slipped it on the table. The guests noticed the bill after a while and took a hint. They paid for the bill and left. The couple ordered appetizers and decided on their entrees.
Kay was moving back in with her mom. She sadly packed her things and drove to her mom's house. Her mother helped her unpack her car. There was no enough room for Kay's things. Kay had to go buy more things.
The girls decided to get together for dinner. They brought their families too. Unfortunately they got into a fight. The staff had to throw them out. The girls had a great time.
Vinny had always hoped to meet a real life movie star. His friends told him it was very tough to meet a movie star. However, he did not give up hope. One day Vinny saw Denzel Washington out taking a stroll. Vinny got his picture taken with him.
When I was seven years old, I went swimming with some friends. I did not know how to swim in deep water. By accident, I slipped into the deep part of the pool. I thought I was going to drown! A lifeguard jumped in and pulled me out of the deep end.
The Smith's could not find their cat. They were afraid she had gotten outside and gotten lost. Everyone was sad when they sat down in front of the Christmas tree. Then they noticed her looking down at them from the top branches. The Smiths all cheered, and rushed to hug their cat.
Instead of going to college right away, Flora went abroad. She visited many European countries and met a lot of people. When she was supposed to go home, she decided to stay in Spain. She got a job as a tutor and had a lot of great adventures. Flora visited her parents every Summer to tell them her stories.
Joyce bought some fruit a week ago. It was part of her new year's resolution to be healthier. She forgot about it after a few days. Eventually a really bad smell took over her apartment. Joyce was happy with the new fragrance.
Ted and some of his friends went to the lake one afternoon. Ted's friends kept asking him to get in the water with them. Ted didn't know how to swim. Ted decided there was no better time to learn, so he jumped in. Ted almost drowned but was saved by his friends.
I asked Sarah out on a date. She said yes. I was so excited for our date together. We went to dinner and then a movie. I got to kiss Sarah goodnight.
One day, I went to the zoo with my friends. I heard the zoo had sloths, and I had always wanted to see them. We visited almost all of the exhibits, but did not see any sloths. We finally found the sloths in the very last exhibit. We were gratified.
A scientist discovers that there is a disease beginning to spread. He works on a cure for the disease in his lab. Other scientists gather to help him with his work. Several weeks go by and they manage to develop a cure. They save the world.
Troy went over to play at Sam's house. The boys played with blocks and trucks and teddy bears. They also colored and played with finger paints. Sam's dad made them a snack of apples and caramel sauce. Troy doesn't want to play with Sam anymore.
Yvonne had always been overweight. For New Year's she made a resolution to start exercising. She began jogging everyday. In two months she had lost 23 pounds. Yvonne felt defeated.
India wanted to try Iced Coffee. India decided to make her own Iced Coffee at home. India prepared the coffee in the machine for the beverage. India then grabbed the milk and ice for the beverage. When she finished the preparation, she consumed the yummy drink.
Betsy wanted a puppy, but her mom said no. Betsy was so sad and disappointed because she really wanted a pet. One day she went into her room and found a hamster in a cage. Her mom had gotten her a pet after all! Betsy was really excited.
Maureen has always wanted to become a Biology teacher. She studies very hard to become an expert in Biology. Her friends tell her that Biology is too tough for her. However, she continues until she has her degree. Now Maureen shares her passion for Biology with students.
Cornelia had always loved working with her hands. She decided she wanted to try building a table by herself. She took a woodworking course to learn how to build it. After finishing the course, Cornelia built a beautiful table. Cornelia  uses it as a nightstand in her room.
The kids went to the graveyard. The came upon a grave with chains. Some of the chains had been broken. They became scared and ran. They loved playing frisbee.
Bo and Jim wanted to drive fast. They took their cars to the salt flats in Utah. Bo hopped in his Mustang and Jim hopped in his Corvette. They raced each other for seven miles. Jim won the race in his Corvette.
Today Sally went for a hike. She loved walking through the woods. She saw a beautiful robin in her nest. Sally loves robins. Sally finds birds very annoying.
Joy's boyfriend took her to play putt putt. He didn't realize she had been playing golf since she was a child. She had three holes in one during their game. She beat him by 18 points! He was so angry he never spoke to her again.
My nephew is a professional chef. While cooking for us at our house he decided to show off a bit. We videoed as he sliced an onion behind his back. We were amazed how quickly he chopped and didn't get cut. He is a fantastic chef.
The little sister found out she was having a baby brother. She was excited until she found out she would no longer be the baby. Then she started acting out. She colored on the walls. The little sister got punished with a timeout.
I went on a hiking trip this summer. I went to go hike away from the campsite by myself. I got lost because I did not have any equipment on me. I walked for miles searching for my friends. I decided to stay lost.
Hailey was participating in her school marathon. However she forgot to bring her running shoes. Hailey was still determined. She asked her teacher if she could borrow her's for the day. Hailey was weak willed.
Jim was mowing the yard when his mower got stuck on some metal. Jim looked closely at the metal and saw that it looked like jewelry. He took the piece of metal to an appraiser. The appraiser told him it was an old ring from an older civilization. Jim threw the ring away.
Kyle and Ted were in a pie eating contest. They sat down together in front of their pies. When the contest started, they dug in. Both of them got horrible stomach aches. Kyle and Ted got so sick that they both lost.
Bob was playing volleyball. He suddenly felt very dizzy and fell down. His friends quickly rushed to his aid. Bob was dehydrated from exerting himself. Bob's friends quickly brought him some water to hydrate him.
Kathy realized to her horror that she was out of milk. So she gathered her young children up and went to the store. They were bad in the store and screamed a lot. Kathy cried on the way home. Kathy took them to the store again right away.
Chuck always wanted to join the debate team at school. He has great ideas to debate with but he is scared of public speaking. He took a speech class over the summer to help. As soon as the school year started he signed up for the team. Chuck dropped out of school.
I once got lost in the woods. It was very hot. I soon got really thirsty. I felt like I was going to die. I nearly died of frostbite.
Laura had a passion for art. She would paint everyday after class. She painted a self portrait of herself one day. She posted it online for everyone to see. Laura never painted again.
Jason had always admired the fast movements of boxers he saw on TV. He started training to become a boxer in his spare time. He practiced jabs and jumped rope for hours each day. Finally he was a great boxer. His wrestling matches were very exciting.
Our kids had a 2 day break from school. So we decided to take a fun trip to Great Wolf Lodge. The kids enjoyed swimming at the water park. We enjoyed pizza and story time after swimming. We all had a good time.
Tom was at the bus stop on a weekend. Next to him was a tall gentleman. He started yelling all of a sudden. Tom and everyone else around him got a bit uncomfortable. Tom asked him what the problem was.
Allie lost 50 pounds. The doctor told her she needed to lose 10 more. If she lost 10 more he would do skin removal. Allie dieted hard and exercised. Allie gained all the weight back she had lost.
Jenny was addicted to sending text messages. Jenny texted even while she was driving. While Jenny was replying to a text she took her eyes off the road. Jenny heard a horn honk and saw she was on the wrong side of the road. Jenny narrowly avoided a car accident.
Elle wanted a new car. She went to the dealership and selected the perfect one. The dealer helped set up a payment plan for her. Every month Elle paid five hundred dollars towards the car's price. Elle was very responsible.
Jay was having car trouble. He puttered into the garage. He was afraid the repair would prove costly. But the mechanic gave him some good news. The mechanic told Jay that was only a minor repair.
Ned was hiking in the woods when he saw a  lump of fur under a tree. The lump started to move, then emitted little cries. Ned moved closer and saw that it was a bunch of tiny baby possums. He called the local wildlife rescue and reported the baby possums. He waited until wildlife rescue arrived to save the baby possums.
Don's friend pulled Don's pants down in front of his graduating class. Don was angry and embarrassed at being exposed in this way. Don decided that this friend would no longer be his friend. Don's shame and embarrassment grew. Don never forgave his friend.
One day I went outside and my dog was not there. I panicked. I had no idea where she was. Suddenly, my neighbor called me from next door. I gave my dog to the neighbor.
I met my husband to be at Costco. He drew horns on my membership picture and flirted wildly. I don't know why I said yes to a date, but I did. Five Years later, we married. Eventually we had children.
Cindy was at a restaurant. And she ordered hot soup. But the waitress forgot to tell her that the bowl was hot. So when received the bowl from the waitress, she hurt her hands. Cindy continued holding the soup.
Laura has always loves swimming, but she has never tried backstroke. She usually avoids backstroke because doesn't want water in her ears. One day she decides to take backstroke lessons from an expert swimmer. She finds that she loves backstroke and doesn't get water in her ears. From then on, she swims the backstroke constantly.
One day I decided I wanted to walk into town. It wasn't far from my house, only a few miles! Once I arrived in town I decided to stop for coffee. I chose an awesome little shop and sat down for lunch. I had a wonderful time!
Jess hated egg salad. When her friend's mother served it, she knew she had to eat it. Just as she was about to take a bite the family dog walked by. No one was looking so she lowered it towards the dog. Jess decided to make egg salad.
Robbie and I went to a fancy restaurant for our anniversary. It was very elegant. We both had to dress formally in order to get a table. We enjoyed TEN courses over four hours. Robbie and I wore shorts to the restaurant.
Lonnie was fed up with modern life. He decided to go off the grid. He found a clearing in the woods and set up camp. The first night was scary, as he heard howls and much rustling. After the initial noises Lonnie settled in for the night.
Bob had to get to work in the morning. His car battery was struggling to start the car. He called his neighbor for a jump start. His neighbor came over and helped him get his car running. Bob decided to go to the beach.
Ava needed a plane ticket across the country. She feared it'd be expensive. Then the agent told her something wonderful. She had earned enough miles to pay for her ticket! Ava took the bus across the country for her trip.
My friend Sharon was nervous yesterday. She found out her company wanted her to retire. Although she has a good pension, she was still nervous. I helped her rewrite her resume, preparing for a job search. Sharon is now looking forward to a new chapter in her life.
Nita was playing rummy with her dad. She had lost ten games in a row! They wagered their points on one last game. Nita played hard and well, and she won! Nita hated playing rummy.
Tina was having her first skating competition. She was incredibly nervous. She was afraid something would go wrong. Thankfully she did great. Tina took second place in the competition.
Neil took a tour to the taj Mahal. He admired the beautiful design of it. Then he heard the sad story behind it. Neil was impressed by the obvious labor of love. Neil was glad he had seen the taj Mahal.
Mark and Frank were swimming in Mark's family's pool. Mark's mother brought out a sponge ball to them. Mark and Frank had fun tossing the ball back and forth. But then the saturated ball accidentally hit Mark's mother! Mark and Frank hit her again.
Ty was nervous about attending summer camp not knowing anyone. The first day, he met Sam playing soccer. That night, he met Brenda at the campfire. At breakfast the next morning, he met Bill. They all hung out without him and he felt excluded.
Vince was craving something sweet. Vince did not want his usual dessert of ice cream. Vince drove his car to Yogurtland. Vince got 10 ounces of frozen yogurt. Vince threw the yogurt away.
Ned wanted to learn to play basketball. He hung out in the school gym watching the team practice. Soon he felt confident enough to shoot a few hoops himself. The team watched him play and they cheered. Ned's skills improved as he practiced.
Buck had lost his house and job. Ashamed, he sat on the road to panhandle. Then a woman approached him and told him about a shelter nearby. Buck, intrigued, went to the shelter right away. Buck was glad that the woman helped him.
Josh liked bees. He thought they were good for the planet. One day, Josh got stung by a bee. It hurt very much. Josh doesn't like bees so much any more.
Last week my girlfriend and I bought three lottery tickets. It's not something we normally do. We were desperate for money. Even a long shot was worth it. We were happy to win a small amount of money from the tickets.
Fred always stopped at the same coffee shop before work. He got to know the attractive barista. He developed a crush on her. Finally Fred worked up the courage to ask her on a date. Fred told the barista to leave him alone.
Jenny was at the store hungry one day. She wandered around thinking about what she wanted to eat. When she came upon the cookie aisle she knew exactly what she wanted. She grabs some cookies and heads towards the front of the store. Jenny found the gum she wanted at the front of the store.
Bob knocked on the door and asked for Jenny. Jenny answered and walked outside to the car. Jenny and Bob drove to the movies. Bob and Jenny had a good time. Bob kissed Jenny good night.
I got a new truck. To celebrate, i went mudding. I drove through lots of mud puddles. my truck got really dirty. My truck looked so shiny afterwards.
Peter was excited to go to the Sanders rally in New Hampshire. As Peter entered the arena it was full of thousands of people. When Peter saw Bernie he cheered as loudly as possible. He felt thrilled to be there. He was a staunch republican.
Josh was writing short stories for a researcher. The researcher was impressed by Josh's stories. The researcher decided to give Josh a bonus. Josh was happy that he got a bonus. Josh used the bonus to repair his broken car.
Ethan loved to make Youtube videos. However, he was too embarrassed to upload any videos. One day he gained the courage to upload one. Soon he had one hundred views! Ethan decided to never make Youtube videos again.
I was walking in the park one day. A stranger approached me to ask for change. I told the man I didn't have any money. The man kindly said thank you before he walked away. Perhaps another person in the park can help him.
Gina and her friends were outside of the school library. They wanted to go inside. But the librarian was not in in the library. The girls weren't sure where she could be. Gina hated the library.
Ana was swimming in the lake. She swam across the whole lake and to the raft on the other side. She prepared to swim back, but then she stopped. She saw a huge, scary fish swimming in the water! Ana vowed never to go hiking again!
A man bought his young son a bicycle. It was the same brand of bike he'd owned himself as a boy. His bike had lasted until he outgrew it. His son's bike, though, fell apart after only a few weeks. The man was very annoyed.
Jaime wanted to ask jack to go to the school dance with her. After school she waited for jack outside of the front door. When jack was exiting he was walking hand in hand with another girl. Jaime froze unable to speak. Jaime then walked up to him and gave him a hug.
Billy's friends thought that he was a scaredy cat. They dared him to go into the haunted house. He decided to go in and even stay the night there. Despite how scared he was he stayed the entire night. Billy demonstrated cowardice.
Ana had just had a baby girl. She wanted her girl to have pierced ears. She took her baby to the studio and had her ears pierced. Then she fastened tiny diamond studs into the piercings. Ana had no children.
Sally wanted to do something special for her mom. She went and bought her a dozen red roses. Her mom loved them putting them in vase on the table. They admired the roses while they ate dinner. Sally's mom appreciated the effort.
When I was sixteen I stole some hats. I had the money to buy them, I just didn't. Before I could leave the store the security had already grabbed me. They handcuffed me and walked me through the mall. I was so ashamed I never stole again.
Matt started playing baseball when he was seven. Now seventeen Year's old he still had not hit a homerun. Today was not only his last game, it was also the championship. Bottom of ninth, Matt was up at bat with two strikes to his name The next pitch he hit a homerun.
It was Cara's sweet sixteen. She had a massive party with her friends. When the party was done, her parents told her to go outside. When she went outside she saw a brand new car. She got angry with her parents and ran away from home.
Darlene just moved to a new city and has no friends. Darlene was looking for shelves in thrift stores for her new home. A customer and cashier struck up a conversation with Darlene. They seemed friendly and had similar interests. Darlene insulted the cashier's job status.
Jake is one of my roommates. He took a gap year last year to work as a chef in Australia. Since the dining hall food was subpar we decided to cook. He taught me how to cook and season a steak. Now we all go to the dining hall instead of cooking.
Yesterday I went to the animal shelter. I have been in search of the perfect dog for my family. I fell in love with a dog named Toby. After introducing him to my cat we decided to take him home. My family all loved Toby.
Tony was tired of stale store bought bread. He called his mom and got her bread recipe. Tony gathered the ingredients that he needed. Tony baked the bread according to the recipe. Tony loved the pizza.
Selena was a music artist with a lot of fans. One of them was too obsessed. He kept following her places in public and sending her creepy messages. She decided to go to the authorities. Selena went out shopping.
Sam loved breakfast. He particularly loved frozen waffles. He would make four of them every morning when he woke up. When he woke up this morning three were in the box, not four. Sam decided to never eat waffles again.
A young toddler was climbing up a chair in his living room. As he climbed, his foot slipped and he fell to the ground. The boy started crying very loudly. His mother heard him from in the kitchen and ran over to him. The mother comforted the child.
Rick was trying to go to sleep. But there was a fly flying around his room. The noise of it was so irritating. But he was too exhausted to try to catch the fly. While he was sleeping, the bee stung him.
My friends wanted to play Dungeons and Dragons last week. We got together with drinks and started to play. Things quickly deteriorated as we kept drinking. Eventually we pretty much stopped playing and just hung out. We all decided to go to Vegas.
Jen screamed out her window that no one cared about her. Her neighbors yelled for her to shut up. Jen screamed even louder and now with profanities. The neighbors called the cops. Jen had the cops show up at her front door.
Logan and Maria decided to make a film together. They wrote the script and hired the actors. After a lot of work, finally the film was done. They invited everyone to come see it. Logan and Maria were ashamed of the film.
Sam was sitting on the train reading the paper. He was on his way to a new job interview. Sam felt extremely nervous. A kind man sat next to him and offered him advice. Sam learned from the old man's advice, and got the job.
A little girl wanted a puppy. Her parents told her no. She started to cry. She cried and cried until her parents caved. They went to the pet store and bought a bird.
Sara eagerly awaited December 1st to come. When it finally did she went to her shed and pulled out tons of boxes. Slowly she started unpacking them and organizing their contents. She then began decorating the outside of the house. Sara loved the Fourth of July.
Kate had been working out for months. She also kept a healthy diet. Her friends hadn't seen her in a while. When they finally did they were impressed by her dedication. Kate was proud.
Robert was a math genius. Robert put in extra time and effort in his studies. He was invited to a statistics contest for young children. He was determined to win at all cost. Robert stopped trying and lost the contest on purpose.
John was on a road trip. Suddenly he felt a strange bumping. He pulled over and checked his tire. It was flat as a pancake! He told his friends he was going to be on time.
In the autumn Samantha always gets a craving for apple cider. She dedicates a Saturday to drive to an orchard. Samantha walks the trails to enjoy the colorful leaves. She buys a few gallons of cider before she leaves. Samantha hates autumn.
John hadn't studied for his math test. The weather forecast was calling for snow. He went to bed hoping he would be saved by a snow day. When he woke up the next day school was cancelled. John was angry because it was snowing.
Four Outlaws camped in Blood Gulch. They thought that they were safe, so they let their guard down. The sheriff was hot on their trail. He found them them early in the morning while they still slept. He let them go free.
Josie found a spider underneath her bed. She sprayed a can of lysol all around the bed frame. Josie saw the spider crawl up the wall. She swats the wall with a piece of paper. Josie hated spiders.
A man named Nick was walking down the street. He noticed a small leather wallet in the grass. He picked it up and it was filled with cash. Nick decided to give the wallet to the police station. Nick then kept the wallet.
Ken was on vacation in the tropics. He was learning to scuba dive. He passed his certification course and then dived every day. Soon he was learning lots of facts about the ocean and exploring. He was scared of the water.
I turned on the news one day. I saw sad news that there were hostages in a venue. I watched for a while and they said the hostages were shot. I cried and held my girlfriend who was with me. I think terrorism is frightening.
Anne always wanted one of the lilies that grew in the pond. They were so far out, she could never reach them. One summer she took a rake and attempted to pull one in. To her shock, she still could not get the lily! Anne was very sad.
Brian looked up a recipe for pork chops on the internet. He chose the recipe calling for barbecuing the pork chops. He followed the instructions and carefully prepared the ingredients. After going through all the steps, Brian tasted the pork chops. Brain was happy that they tasted so good.
James was at the gym playing basketball. His clothes were soaked from running up and down the court. He forgot to bring spare clothes to change into. James had to run to his car in order to avoid the cold weather. James drove home to get change into dry clothes.
Gina was given lunch detention. She was expecting worse. She fought the smile that tried to creep across her face. She didn't want the principal to know she was relieved. Gina always chose bananas over oatmeal.
Cole was given coal for Christmas as a gag gift. Cole was young and took it very seriously. Cole was well-behaved for months after that. Eventually Cole forgot about the incident. Cole never got coal again.
Mike was tired of work and needed a vacation. Unfortunately, Mike had no idea where he should go. He then decided to spin a globe and go where his finger landed. Mike's finger landed on Hawaii. Mike took a trip to Hawaii.
Tiffany bought a bag of microwave popcorn. She didn't read the directions. She put the bag in the microwave and pushed the popcorn button. Minutes later she smelled something horrible. The popcorn was prepared to perfection.
We went snow skiing for my wife's birthday. In the lift line, we started talking to another couple. We found out that they were celebrating the wife's birthday. The four of us had drinks in the lodge that night. We had our first swingers experience that night.
Nan felt guilty because her pets were alone all day while she worked. She considered getting rid of them, but knew she'd miss them too much. She realized the boy next door got home from school at 3:00 every day. She offered him five dollars a day to spend some time with the cats. The boy watched her cats for her.
One Friday night we all pitched in and got a huge pizza. My brother bit into a slice that had a piece of gum on it. Disgusted, we called the pizza place to complain. They came by our house and denied everything. We ordered from another store.
Henry ran across a baked goods sales. The young lady gave him a small muffin. He took a bite out of it. However, a worm came out of the hole. Henry was disgusted and spit the muffin out.
Bob had recently just purchased his dream car. The only thing he didn't like about it was the color. He took it to the paint shop to get it repainted. He waited a week and then picked it up from the shop. Bob loved the new color he chose.
My aunt is a nurse. She often talks about long hours at work. Last week was especially bad. She didn't have a single day where she didn't work late. It was hard work.
Joe was walking home one night. Out of nowhere, a man approached and stabbed him. Joe was badly injured! He staggered to the nearest hospital. It took him 2 weeks in the hospital to recuperate.
Fred just bought some new patio furniture for his house. He built it and set it all up outside himself. That night there was a bad rainy storm. The next day Fred saw that the rainy had ruined his new furniture. He was pleased.
Jordy ran outside happily. He looked up at the sky to see countless snowflakes. With a gleeful yelp, he began constructing a snowman. When he was done, Jordy looked thoughtfully at his creation. He was ashamed of himself.
John was a student in law school. He was having a tough time learning all of the material. John decided to do something about this. He met with the professors and got extra tutoring. His professors reassured him that medical school was no picnic.
Harold was a mailman doing his job. He had one package with a mysterious address. Harold looked all over town, but could not find the house. He went to his van and looked it up in his database. Harold found the address was correct but the city was not.
Amy wanted to get a manicure. She went to the nail salon near her job. The lady finished and asked if she wanted fingernail polish as well. Amy chose a bright red nail polish color. Amy hated bright colors.
David went to John's lake house for the weekend. John's family owns a boat, so they took a ride. It was David's first time ever being on a boat, so he was nervous. The boat was going fast and David started having fun! David decided that he enjoys boats afterall.
Nancy walked inside the subway store. She asked for a footlong chicken sub. However, she looked away when it was being prepared. She noticed that it was a half of a foot long. Nancy demanded she be given the other six inches she asked for.
After math class, I decided to go to the library. I caught up on some assignments. I had to wait several hours for my mom to pick me up. Since I was extremely tired, I fell asleep completely. I got up and ran a marathon.
It was a beautiful, warm, fall day. Amy decided to go outside to enjoy the weather. She sat on the porch swing watching the squirrels run around. Just being outside began to lift her low spirits. She couldn't wait to be back in the house.
On Saturday, we went to the beach. I applied sunscreen before we left. I did not read the instructions well. I didn't reapply sunscreen throughout the day. I was very pale when I got home.
Jane wanted to learn how to juggle. Jane consulted with a professional juggler to teach her. Jane went to three classes with the professional juggler. After three weeks, Jane was juggling. Jane had a natural talent.
Tim like pasta a lot. He would make it every night for dinner. One night he didn't have the sauce for the noodles. He didn't know what to do at first. Tim decided to never eat noodles again.
Grandpa asked Betty if she wanted a drink. Betty said she wanted milk. Grandpa didn't know if she wanted chocolate or strawberry. Betty wouldn't tell him which kind of milk she wanted. Betty loved to share her opinions.
Bella sat by the campfire with her friends. They all had s'mores dangling over the fire, warming up. Each one of them took turns telling a scary story. When it was her turn she made sure to put her best acting to use. Bella remained silent and skipped her turn.
Jasper notices that he has begun to develop dandruff in his hair. He feels very embarrassed about this. Jasper decides to buy a special anti-dandruff shampoo. Finally he notices that the dandruff is going away. Jasper is disappointed.
Jane needed a new kidney. Only Bob was a match. Bob didn't know Jane, but that didn't matter. Bob gave Jane his kidney. Jane was very thankful of Bob's generosity.
Amy arrived home from her vacation. She went to the baggage carousel to claim her luggage, all souvenirs! But as she waited, she grew nervous, not seeing her luggage. She went to the help desk and informed them her luggage was missing. Amy was distraught.
Paige was trying to quit smoking cigarettes. It was hard because she had been smoking for ten Year's. She slowly cut down how much she was smoking. After awhile she stopped having cravings. Now Paige is smoke-free and happy.
Gina was hungry. She was on a road trip and only had sweet snacks. Her dad insisted they keep driving instead of making a food stop. Her mother agreed with him. Gina got dehydrated.
Ray and his friends planned to go to the beach. So Ray worked out to build up his muscles. When Ray and his friends went to the beach, they noticed Ray's body. Ray was happy to be the center of attention. All his friends were jealous of his new physique.
Cristin went to a music festival. One of Kristin's favorite bands should be performing at the festival. She found out that her favorite band's performance was cancelled. Cristin is frustrated that she did not get to see their performance. Cristin decided not to go to the festival next year.
Paul worked as order taker at a fast food drive thru. Customers noticed he had a really nice voice. People suggested he should work in radio. Paul quit his job at the fast food restaurant. Paul became a manager at the restaurant.
Larry regretted that he hadn't seen his aunt in months. He decided to take the long trip to Idaho to see her. Larry packed his bags and drove to Idaho. His Aunt was very happy to see him. Larry started making regular trips to see his Aunt.
Amy was going to buy coffee to beat her coffee crash. But there was no coffee machine in the school for kids. There was however a soda vending machine. Amy just needed to decide which soda had the most caffeine. Amy decided to buy water.
Reba worried that she was going to be a killer, like her father. He went to prison for murder. Reba spent her entire life doing good deeds. She became a nun, and comforted orphaned children. Reba was just like her dad.
Cindy cooked and cleaned every single day. She grew tired of doing all the cooking and cleaning by herself. Cindy said she was not going to cook until she got help cleaning. The family had beans every night until they realized she was serious. The family agreed to sell their house.
Jeb liked peppermint candy. He always had peppermints in his pocket. One day, he saw a pretty girl buying peppermints in the store. He decided it was a sign and boldly asked her out on the spot. Jeb got the date but never ate peppermints again.
Billy liked sitting by the pond. He would take a book and sit under the tree. His book was about frogs. He looked out onto the pond and a frog was staring at him. Billy started reading his book out loud to the frog.
I decided to add a new fountain pen to my collection. I'd seen online videos of a nice pen called a Pelikan M800. So I went to the pen shop at my local mall. The shop had just the model of pen I wanted. I didn't buy the pen.
Jen was invited to a Christmas party. She went with a close guy friend. They drank wine and talked with the couples that were there. As the group sang carols, Jen and her friend kissed. She felt it was meant to be.
Tom always wanted to be a singer. He's been practicing since he was 5 years old. He auditioned for american idol and got in. The hosts all liked his voice. Tom was elated!
Jay went to the chicken wing festival in Buffalo, New York. He bought a ticket to sample dozens of wings. He ate all different flavors of wings. Jay was so stuffed full of Buffalo wings at the end of the festival! Jay wished he had ate more buffalo wings.
My neighbors are always playing loud music. It's not so bad during the day. They also play it at night, unfortunately. I finally asked them if they could lower the volume. They told me that they hadn't seen my cat.
Joe was an amateur prospector. He went out in the hills to look for gold. Instead of gold, he found many small blue and green stones. He gathered them all up to be appraised in town. Joe hoped they were valuable.
Robert's dog passed away last month and he's still upset. His wife wants to distract Robert with something. She suggests they go shopping for a new dog. Robert tags along and discovers that he loves looking at puppies! Robert decided he wanted a pet cat.
Lulu was excited to try the new candy store in town. She immediately woke up early and ran over to it. Thankfully she was the first one to arrive. As soon as she walked in she grabbed a bucket. Lulu paid twenty five cents for a full bucket of candy.
Teresa's mom was pregnant. Teresa was excited to have a new baby sister. However, when the baby came, she felt otherwise. She felt like her parents were not giving her any attention. Teresa was so happy.
Sal was nervous on his first day of high school. And as he sat in class, he felt intimidated by his peers. At lunch time, another student approached him. And that student felt the same way as Sal. Sal found out he wasn't alone.
My roommate is a slob. He never washes the dishes but always uses them. I found an old one with mold in it. The smell was atrocious. My roommate was very pleasant to live with.
Jason loves using a Macintosh at home but his office uses only PCs. He has trouble becoming familiar with the PC operating system at work. Jason buys a PC at home to become more familiar with it. Soon he has become an expert in using a PC Jason got a raise at work for being so good at working a PC.
My wife had MLK day off. She slept in, and did not get up until 10 AM. We had a leisurely breakfast. She watched Little House on the Prairie while I surfed the net. The day was very stressful.
I woke up one morning very hungry. I looked through my house but didn't find anything. I found a box of pancake mix eventually. I decided to cook several of them to eat. I put the pancakes in the freezer.
Keri was babysitting her niece on a weekday. She needed to put her to sleep early. Unfortunately the niece had too much energy. Keri convinced her to do exercises with her. Keri convinced the waiter that he had overcharged  her.
Kim wakes up and decides to drive to the mall. She gets there and promptly spends 250$ on a pair of shoes. Later, she finds a purse to match the shoes. After buying an outfit to match, she decides to head home. Kim put her things down and decided to go to a movie instead.
Erica had to decide whether to take her final or go help friends. School was important to her, but her friend was in an emergency. Erica told her professor her situation. The professor said she could make up the final at a later date. Erica was so grateful that her professor was understanding.
My old neighbor used to take Halloween too far. His costumes were very elaborate. One year, he decided to be Jason and hide under his garage door. He scared everyone, and the whole neighborhood complained. He was the most loved man in the neighborhood.
Ben was waiting at the crossroads for a lift from his friend Tom. Tom had said that he would pick him up at 8:00 PM and it was after 9. Ben was frightened by odd noises he heard coming from the darkness. After a while Tom walked out of the shadows laughing. Ben saw Tom and ran for his life.
Barry loves bowling. However, he needed to find a place where he could bowl regularly. Barry looked through the yellow pages for a nearby bowling alley. Barry decided he would go bowling on Saturday at the new location. Barry threw his bowling ball into the pool.
The family prepared the food and packed it away. They walked to the nearest park. They laid out a blanket and began to set out their food. Everyone enjoyed sandwiches, fruit and more. The family had a horrible day.
Brad and Allison love Texas country music. Brad found out there was a concert happening nearby. He invited Allison to go to the concert with him. Allison accepted the invitation. Brad decided to go to a rock concert instead.
Melissa had wanted to be a news reporter on television. Even since she was little, she practiced on camera. Her obsession followed her all through school. She attended college for journalism and made high marks. After graduation, she realized she hated the News.
Dot was tired of the being the strict mom. She picked up her kids, and took them straight to an ice cream parlor. From there they went to the movie theater, to see a superhero movie. They had popcorn and candy for dinner, with cookies for dessert. Dot was now considered the cool mom.
It snowed so hard that school was called off for the day. The boys put on their coats, hats, gloves and boots and went outside. They built a tall snowman and a snow fort. They had a snowball fight. They went inside to roast marshmallows.
I was walking to the mall. Someone was calling me and I decided to pull out my phone. I had a hard time getting it out since my pockets were tight. The phone ended up jumping out of my pocket. I almost cracked my phone.
Bobby always enjoyed watching snow fall. When snow begins to fall from the sky he watches it. Sometimes he'll go out and stand while watching. The snow always sounds and feels nice. Bobby let the snow cover him from head to foot.
Garry was nervous about his grades. Recently, Garry failed a Math test, and a English test. It is required that Garry have good grades to be on the football team. Garry's coach found out about his failing grades, and spoke with him. Garry and his coach agreed that Nike makes good sneakers.
Evan complained about everything. His girlfriend started making him dinner, but he said it smelled bad. She was so offended! She left mid-cooking, leaving the meal unfinished. Evan was pleased.
John made fun of his sister when she said yoga was a workout. He thought he was in great shape because he played basketball. One day his sister took him to a yoga class. He couldn't keep up with all the women. John felt proud.
Ava needed to go shopping with her two-year old. But she couldn't find his shoes even after looking everywhere! She decided she had no choice but to buy him new shoes. She carried him into the store in order to select a new pair. Ava took good care of her son.
Harry was tired of the hot summer days. He decided to go swimming with his friends. Harry called his friends and set up the plans. They all met up at a local lake and drank beer and swam. Harry had always hated the water.
Danny wanted  to  learn  how  to  make  fried  rice. His  friend  decided  to  teach him. His friend went to his house and taught him. Danny tried making it for himself. Danny did a great job.
Meghan was hired as a Scientist II for a company. She loved her job and was very good at it. After a year, Meghan wanted more responsibility at work. She talked to her boss and had an evaluation. Meghan decided to quit her job.
Core broke her parents glass antique vase. She was afraid of being caught. She swept the glass under the rug. Her parents came and took of their shoes. They decided to congratulate Core.
Bob got a rubix cube for Christmas. He struggled to solve the puzzle. Eventually, he was able to solve half of it. But, the full solution remained elusive. Bob then gave up on the video game.
Tim wanted to do something for his girlfriend on her birthday. Tim planned a romantic getaway in the Bahamas. Tim surprised her a week before her birthday. His girlfriend was so grateful for the vacation. Tim canceled the vacation.
Suzie decided to make her grandmother's spaghetti sauce. She made the sauce. She added mushrooms. She added the seasonings. Suzie tasted the sauce, and it was just right.
Last weekend I wanted to buy some shoes. I needed a new pair from work so had to look for a place to go. I decided on the mall seeing as how they have a large variety. Once I got there, I quickly went to the store I had selected. I purchased a taco at the food court.
Gabby didn't have much money. She was working a minimum wage job. She spent the rest of her money on a lottery ticket. She got home and scratched it off. Before she finished she decided it was a waste of time.
Annie's grandfather needed a heart transplant. He was in the hospital for a very long time. When the transplant happened, her whole family was scared. However, he recovered with great health. Annie's family was sad.
When I was five, I moved. I had to go to a new school. I felt lonely on my first day. A kid walked up to me and introduced himself. I felt more lonely.
Larry was scared of heights. He always planned his travels to avoid any tall bridges. Unfortunately for Larry, one day he was diverted onto another route. Larry started sweating as he saw the bridge looming over him. Larry laughed with joy as he drove over the bridge.
Jeff is a very quick thinker. He can get out of  just about any situation he doesn't want to be in. All he has to do is come up with an excuse on the spot to leave. He uses this a lot when he doesn't want to talk to his in-laws anymore. Jeff hates spending time with his in-laws.
Binh decided to wash her cat. She picked up her cat from the deck. Then she filled the bathtub with water. Binh coaxed the cat into the water to wash it. The cat ended up squeaky clean.
I ordered a family meal at a Chinese restaurant. As soon as I placed it on the table, my family attacked it. They were eating a lot out of the meal. After everyone ate, there was no food left. I told the manager I wanted to file a complaint.
Humberto likes to jump on a trampoline. He has never fallen off and hurt himself. While jumping yesterday, he did just that. Humberto decided to retire from jumping on his trampoline. Humberto jumped on his trampoline all day the next day.
Matt met Tammy at a nightclub. Matt and Tammy exchanged numbers after the night. They talked on the phone every day. One day Tammy saw Matt with her friend Emma. Tammy hated not having a phone.
Ben wasn't paying any attention as he walked past the windowsill. He swung his hand around. It hit the cactus sitting in the window. His hand was full of little needles. Ben's hand was sore and he had to pull out all of the needles.
Janet was afraid of flying. No matter where she had to go she would always travel by land. One day Janet discovered that her mother was sick. She was very worried and the fastest way to get to her was by plane. Janet realized she had to finally face her fear.
It was Nate's turn to sweep the floor this week. He was notoriously lazy. He decided to pay his roommate to do it for him. The roommate took the money and never did the work. Nate laughed with his friends about his dog's behavior.
Elena was a little person and was very insecure. She thought no one would want to date her. One day, she met a very nice full-sized man. They started dating and he accepted her condition. He brought a full-sized woman to his company's holiday party.
When Jay found out her older sister was pregnant, she was nervous. While she was happy for her sister, she was scared to be an aunt. Jay knew that there would be a lot of responsibility involved. But then, she finally came home from school and saw her nephew. Jay immediately knew her fears were unfounded.
Jon was thirsty. He didn't have running water in his house. Jon decided to go buy some water at the store. Unfortunately, he got into a car accident on the way. Jon was glad he left the house.
Daria bought a television for her living room. She had the store deliver the television to her house. When the television arrived, Daria was excited. The television was her favorite thing. Darla smashed her television with a rake.
White roses were Lilly's favorite flower. She grew them in her garden. One day she pricked her finger on a thorn. She thought nothing of it. The prick got infected and she had to take antibiotics.
Jimmy's mother was sick in the hospital. He went to visit her at the hospital. Jimmy brought her flowers and a get well card. Her mother was very gracious. Jimmy hated his mother.
Sammy had a terrible stomach ache one morning. But she forced herself to go to school. As she approached the bus, she thought of turning back. But she felt it was too late to change her mind. She went to school and suffered through the pain.
Karmen was all ready for her trip to Tanzania. She got a taxi to the airport. She went through airport security quickly. She caught her flight on time and found her seat. Karmen immediately exited the plane.
Sandy lived in New York. Sandy heard of a dangerous snow storm coming her way. Sandy decided to ensure that her home was prepared. During the snowstorm, the power went out. Sandy was prepared.
Quentin ordinarily does not enjoy going to company events. Although he doesn't mind coworkers, he likes to be left alone. One day he decides to attend a company party. He eats some french fries to help himself from feeling awkward. Quentin loved all being their with all the people.
I use Mister Spice no sodium sauce. I am on a low sodium diet. I tried to buy some bottles online yesterday. The computer kept rejecting my order, even though the card was active. Finally the sale went through.
Dan wanted to go to school on Halloween dressed as the Devil. He was scared to ask his father for the costume. He asked his grandmother instead. She told him going as the Devil is evil. Dan made his own Devil costume.
Franz decides he would like to be closer to his family. He books a trip to visit his cousin in Philadelphia. Franz and his cousin visit museums and drink coffee together. They have a terrific visit together. Franz is glad he went to visit his cousin.
I bought a horned toad when I was ten. It was in a department store. The toad looked very fierce. We tried to feed it but it would not eat. After several weeks, the horned toad was very fat.
I met Nancy for the first time today. Before she left, we exchanged phone numbers. Despite walking for one moment, she constantly messaged me. I decided to call her and ask to stop calling me. I never heard from her again.
Yesterday Kelly headed to cvs to buy some candy. She walked up and down the aisles to find what she wanted. To her surprise however, she ran into an old friend. The two talked for awhile. Her friend ended up buying the candy for her.
Don's first day at the dock's had some hiccups. He was nervous being around heavy machinery. At one point he dropped a heavy shipment. It almost hit a fellow coworker. Don knew he would have to improve.
Dal needed money to go to college. He started doing the accounting for a local gang. When the feds raided the gang, he was going over their books. He was accidentally shot dead in the crossfire. Dal made a smart decision.
Today was Picture day at school. Alice was so excited because her mom had bought her a new outfit. She got up and got dressed and her mom fixed her hair. The photographer said she was very pretty. Alice frowned during her picture.
Nila's mom was diagnosed with stage four cancer. Nila knew her mom did not have a long time to live. Nila made sure to provide her mom with a good life until her death. Nila fostered many good memories with her mom and they were happy. Nila loved her mom.
A mother looked at the face of her newborn baby boy. She dreamed of their future together. Her dream was to give him the childhood that she was not given. She sacrificed time and energy to accomplish her goal. The boy had a very happy childhood.
Jessica and her brothers were very excited for Christmas. They went to sleep early so they could wake up early. They woke up and ran to the Christmas tree. There was only one box under the tree. Each of her brothers opened their Christmas presents.
Jan and Kim were both using the Montessori education model. Kim decided to take away all dragon and fantasy books from her kid. Jan was upset that Kim made this decision. Jan argued that imagination and fantasy was important. Jan brought the books back.
The first day of school I walked there with two of my closest friends. We were all very nervous. When we got to school we checked the class list for third grade. All three of us were assigned to the same classroom! All three of us were very disappointed.
Jeff was angry that his neighbor's dog always barked in the morning. And the barking always woke Jeff up early. One day, his neighbor gave his dog away. And Jeff was happy that he heard no more barking. Jeff was going to miss that dog.
Holly asked her brother to put suntan lotion on her back. He took his time and applied it very carefully. Later that day, Holly wondered why people were laughing. She later realized her brother had made a design with the lotion. Holly gave her brother money as compensation.
I used to make fun of my wife for having a nightlight. She was out of town a few days and I went to sleep without it. When I woke up in the middle of the night to get water I tripped. I couldn't see the clothes on the ground and got a bad bruise. I never made fun of my wife and her nightlight again.
Amy decided to move from Wisconsin to Florida. She planned the move for months. On the day of the move she said goodbye to her friends. She drove all the way to Florida alone. However the experience was no fun without her friends.
Kathy went shopping. She found a pair of great shoes. The shoes were $300. She bought the shoes. She felt buyer's remorse after the purchase.
Amayah's birthday is coming up. She will be five Year's old. Her mom is throwing her a princess party. She is invited a lot of her friends from school. Amayah is sad because she doesn't want a tea party.
The boys and I went to the beach today. We took along a frisbee and a ball. While playing in the water some other people joined in. It was great making new friends. All in all, it was a great day hiking.
It was Friday night so I decided to rent a movie. I headed down to a Redbox to get one. After taking an hour to decide I finally picked The Departed. I got home and made some snacks, then went to put the movie in. I took a shower and went to work.
Paula wrote a lot of spoken word poetry. Her friends were supportive even though it was bad. They invited her to a party. Paula started delivering some spoken word. Paula tore up her poem.
After getting off the school bus, I realized that my phone is missing. Since there was service on it, I decided to cancel it. The customer service representative did it for me. In addition, he said that there was a call made to Jamaica. I knew someone would soon return the phone.
Today was Iris's fifth birthday! Her mom had planned her a surprise party. All of her friends were there. She opened presents and had cake. Iris decided never to have cake again.
Tina always wore a red bikini when she went to the beach. She was known for it and everyone expected to see her in one. One day she met her friends in a blue bikini and surprised them. They couldn't understand why she would wear something different. Tina's friends knew how unpredictable she was.
Ted had always dreamed of being a homeowner. However, he had feared that it was a goal he would never reach. One day his father surprised him by saying he would help Ted out. Ted's father helped to split the down payment on a home with Ted. Ted was grateful to his father for the help.
Evie wandered about the castle for hours. She explored every nook and cranny of the structure. Her supervisors quizzed her about what she had learned. She answered their questions brilliantly and with ease. She fled in terror.
Ed and his twin Ethan were looking at women online. Then they saw a profile for two twin ladies. They called Sami and Sara and arranged a date. On their date, all four had a wonderful time. They decided not to see each other any more.
Marco is starting a new job today. He wants to look good on his first day. Marco decides to put on a necktie. His new boss is impressed with how good he looks. Marco is horrified by the reaction of his boss.
Tim wanted to travel overseas. He had never been on an airplane before. He decided to travel to China by air. He actually enjoyed the flight! Tim started traveling a lot of places by airplane.
Lucy had a test tomorrow at school and she barely studied. It was already very late and she had to get to bed. The next morning school was concealed due to snow. Lucy lucked out and spent her whole day off studying for the test. Lucy failed the test because she had not studied.
Fred liked mystery novels. He used to read at least one every month. When his friends found out, they all bought him one for his birthday. But unfortunately, he started getting irritated by the attention. Fred started a mystery novel book club for his friends.
Tia owned her own bakery. In her bakery, she made beautiful cakes. One day, she realized she was out of flour despite having a big order. She called all over the town and finally found some. Tia was relieved.
Sarah went with her friends to the water park. They paid for their tickets and got into their swimsuits. They waited in line for the biggest slide. They went down the slide and had a lot of fun. They went back the next day.
Jeb was building statues out of rocks. He made one that looked like a turtle. Sam came and knocked it down. Jeb started crying. Jeb was excited to build a new one.
Jeff is going on a field trip to the rainy forest with his class. Jeff is excited and can't wait to go. When Jeff arrived he was very disappointed. The rainy forest wasn't exciting and there was nothing to do. Jeff was bored and upset.
Dani was a nurse in the ICU. One night her estranged father was one of her patients. Dani didn't want to, but she treated her father. As he got better, the two of them were able to talk. Dani got to know her father much better.
Gina was at her friend Ruth's house. A girl she didn't know named Jane showed up. Jane was rude, and stuck up. Gina later discovered Jane was her enemy Joe's sister. So she happily became friends with Jane.
Ella spent a day in the sun. She forgot to apply sunscreen. She got a nasty burn! But soon it faded and turned to a tan. Ella spent the next day in the rain.
Neil had just arrived in Kenya. He joined a safari tour group. They saw all kinds of exotic animals. Neil snapped photo after photo. Neil composed a photo album when he got home.
Gina decided to bake an apple pie for the first time. She was extremely careful to follow the recipe exactly. After putting the pie in the oven, she eagerly waited to try it. It turned out to be delicious! She shared the recipe and the pie with all her friends.
Pablo wanted a jawbreaker. He had no money however. He went through his closet to see what he could sell. He found a toy bear and sold it for 50 cents. He bought some soda with it.
Anna rented out a warehouse for a big party. The decorations were great, but something was missing. Then Anna realized - they needed a disco ball! She secured a rented ball from a party supply company. The party went great.
Oscar headed over to the nursery to find a tree to plant in his yard. He had a hard time deciding which tree to get. There were a lot of trees to go through. Finally, he opted on a Bonsai tree. He destroyed it as soon as he got home.
There was a major basketball game in the gymnasium. Me and my friend played on the same team. The game became intense and both teams were tied in the end. There was 4 seconds left on the clock and we needed to score. I walked off the court and never looked back.
Dirk was a fine pianist. He often performed out in public for money. During his last performance, one of the keys broke off his keyboard. He finished the performance as best he could, but the music was poor. Dirk liked how it sounded.
Eva loved the squirrels in her yard. She began to feed them peanut butter sandwiches. Soon they grew used to her. One was especially friendly. Eva was able to pet one of the squirrels.
Andy loved the beach. He asked his mother if they could go to the beach. His mother took Andy to the beach. On the way to the beach, it started to rainy. Andy was sad about it.
I bought a phone case with a lanyard. I needed one for my cell phone. The case arrived without a lanyard. The website said the case had a bracket but not a lanyard. I felt foolish.
I changed the sheets on my bed last week. I was tired of the old ones. The new ones look nicer and feel better. I think I will keep them. I plan to cut them into strips.
Chase really wanted a new toy. His mom would not purchase a new toy for him. She advised he save his allowance. He saved his allowance. Chase ran away from home.
Renee was inspired by the music of Eddie Van Halen. She decided to learn to play guitar. She bought an electric guitar and an amp. She hated pressing the strings with her fingers. Renee was glad she decided to learn to play drums.
Bill went fishing and caught a lot of fish. He caught so many he had to give some away. His neighbors were poor and were grateful to Bill for the fish. The neighbors finally got back on their feet. They baked Bill some bread in appreciation for all the fish.
Last week the internet went out. My wife and I were bored out of our minds. Every other option available seemed boring. Eventually we just drank and talked for a while. We were happy to not have Internet and to drink.
All Tim's life, he wanted to make music. Tim practiced all day, everyday. When Tim had enough songs, he called a record studio. The studio decided to record him, and Tim was happy. Tim became a professional musician.
Alex suspected that his cat Tigger might have fleas. Tigger was constantly scratching himself day and night. Alex took Tigger to the veterinarian to be diagnosed. The veterinarian confirmed that Tigger did indeed have fleas. Alex decided not to give the cat the medication prescribed.
Haley was a young scientist at a famous laboratory. Every day, she worked hard on her current project. One of her colleagues was secretly stealing her research. Haley discovered this when he published it in a scientific journal. Haley felt she had been supported admirably.
Sam wanted to throw a party. Sam invited all of his friends and neighbors. The party got extremely wild. All of the guests left the party in disgust. Sam had a terrible hangover the next day.
Katie couldn't sleep. She tiptoed downstairs and into the kitchen. She poured herself a glass of milk. Then she heated it in the microwave. Katie decided to pour the milk down the drain.
Tom was talking to his wife Becky who had a bad day at work. He decided to bring home her favorite meal as a surprise. On the way home from work, there was a lot of traffic. After getting the food, he arrived home much later than planned. Tom decided to take a trip to the casino, he ignored his family.
They had to pick out a stove for their new house. They couldn't decide on a particular brand. They liked the durability of the Viking. They also liked the deal with the Thermador. They decided to buy the Viking stove.
Jasmine did not study for her big math test. She figured she could just wing it. Jasmine soon realized the test was very difficult. She decided to cheat by looking at her neighbor's paper. The teacher caught her and praised her ingenuity.
Sam moved to Los Angeles to become a movie star. He did not have much money but he thought that going is the only way. After two months sam was sleeping in his car and broke. He went to the chinese theater to beg one day. Sam felt very depressed.
Ben woke up late. Ben decided to skip breakfast and went to work. Work was too busy to take a break or eat lunch. After work, Ben was caught in real bad traffic. Ben was able to get home quickly.
Darren was late to work and could not find his car keys. He looked all over his house. He asked his wife were they were. She told him to check his pockets. There were no keys in his pockets.
I had a job interview last week. My girlfriend helped me pick out a new tie. We went to the store and looked for hours. I found three I liked. I bought all of them.
Harry loved hockey. He decided to sign up to play for a local league. Harry attended the tryouts for the team. Harry hoped he did well enough to make the team. A few days later, Harry heard that he made the team.
Little Sue was riding an elephant at the zoo. She like it at first but then got scared. She started to cry for her mom. The zoo keeper had to stop the elephant and get her. Sue continued to ride the elephant.
Hannah was an amazing artist. She always had a natural gift. She decided to enter in an art competition. Thankfully she was able to win the top prize. Her parents were very proud.
Jim was taking out the garbage. He slipped on a piece of ice on the sidewalk. Jim fell down hard onto the pavement. Jim felt something break on his arm. Jim was hurt and had to call 911.
I hate doing laundry. Matching socks is a horrible waste of time. Everytime i do laundry socks get lost. i was tired of searching for matching socks. I threw out all my old socks and bought all plain white socks.
James was twelve Year's old and loved food. He never really thought about making food until today. His mother let him help fix rice for dinner. James learned how fun and creative cooking could be. James never cooked again.
Lee knew her mom needed new gloves and could not afford them. So Lee began to knit a pair. She hurried to finish them by Christmas. Then she presented them to her mom. Lee's mom threw the gloves at Lee and left the room.
Jennifer was professional copywriter in a large city. She did good work but always received poor remarks on her reviews. Jennifer found out that her boss was trying to sabotage her! She decided to confront her boss about the negative remarks. Jennifer stormed into his office and straightened her boss out.
Lorraine was a softball player. She was the best on her team. One day, during a game, she twisted her ankle badly. She wasn't able to play anymore. Lorraine was really sad.
Abby and Tammy were the best of friends. They both loved to do things together that were fun and creative. They decided to make friendship bracelets together and give to others. Abby made five and Tammy made seven more. They decided to keep the bracelets for themselves.
Last night there was a big lightning storm. It took out the power. The entire neighborhood didn't have electricity. It got really cold and we got scared. Then after about an hour the power came back on.
Sal was mad that his parents were moving. They were moving to the eighth floor of a building. He hated living that high. After moving, he took a look out his bedroom window. The beautiful view made him change his mind.
Lydia had a strange dream last night. She dreamed that she was taking a test at school. As she was taking the test she realized she forgot to put on pants! She was so embarrassed that she ran right out of the classroom. Lydia felt relieved when she realized it was just a dream.
Alex needed groceries. She made a list of things to buy. She gathered her reusable canvas sacks. She walked to the store. She bought the groceries.
Yolanda hates roller coasters. Katie does not understand why. She decided to force Yolanda to ride one with her. Yolanda vomited all over Katie. Katie regretted forcing Yolanda to go on the ride.
One thing that Tina wanted to do in NYC was go to a hot dog stand. She finally saw a Nathan's stand and ordered a traditional one. The food tasted amazing. It was expensive but worth it. She was happy with the hot dog.
Tammy likes to crochet. Christmas was a few weeks away and she didn't really have money. She got the idea to take the spare yarn she had to make a blanket. She then wrapped it up for her grandchild Lorelei. Lorelei treasured that blanket for years.
Melinda wanted to go see a scary movie. She wanted to go by herself to prove she was brave. Melinda went to the movies and bought a ticket. Melinda was very afraid while watching the movie. Melinda wished that she had brought someone.
Lamar learns that he will have unexpected houseguests one afternoon. He doesn't have any food at home to give to his guests. He decides to brew a pot of tea for them instead. His guests all enjoy the tea that he makes. Lamar walked to the park.
My niece applied for a job at the RMV two Year's ago. She got the job and was excited. They told her she needed a driver's license, which she did not have. She showed her employer a doctor's note showing she could not drive. She had a perfect driving record.
Lela was diagnosed with cancer five years ago. Everyday has been a struggle. She went to doctors and treatments almost every day. Lela finally started getting better the last few months. Lela then got over her flu.
Fred was a new student in class. He was really awkward and he had a hard time. Nobody seemed to want to be friends with him. Later at lunch someone ate with him. Fred talked with his lunch-mate and made friends.
Joyce was adopted by her foster mother when she was 5 Year's old. After her adoption her mom adopted 3 more children. Joyce loved being an older sister and she helped her mom a lot. When she moved out on her own she became a foster parent too. Joyce loved her children just as much.
Horatio had always been afraid of eating a raw oyster. His girlfriend told him that it was delicious, but he was nervous. Finally she took him on a vacation to cape cod to try a fresh oyster. Horatio took his first bite into a raw oyster and loved it. He ate ten more.
Tom liked to herd cattle. He did it every day. One day a cow went free. He searched everywhere. He found the cow and brought it back.
Alyssa got some coffee on the way to work. She drank the coffee as she drove. Suddenly, she had to quickly stop her car. The coffee spilt all over her lap, scalding her legs. She almost had an accident as she screamed out in pain.
John was driving down the highway. A Mustang pulled up next to him and kept speed. He was driving his new Camaro. They decided to race. John pulled over to buy a Mustang.
Ben wanted to win the costume contest at work this year. He spent many hours making his costume from scratch. To add to his costume he applied a lot of stage makeup. At work, everyone was impressed with how he looked. Ben backed out of the costume contest.
My mom asked if she can borrow $100 dollars from me. Considering that she's broke, I loaned my credit card to her. The next day, my credit card was declined when I tried to buy food. The company told me that I made a $320 dollar purchase. I was angry at my mom for running up my credit card.
Kelly always had the driest hair. She had no clue what to do. Finally she went to the doctor. He prescribed her pills. Kelly loves potato chips.
Sarah had a fear of being around others. She decided to force herself to go to a party. At the party, she became dizzy and nervous. Sarah decided this was enough, and went to see a therapist. The therapist told her she was strange.
Ellen was at her doctor's office. She was about to find out the sex of her baby. She was really hoping for a boy! She held her breath as the doctor scanned her belly. Her doctor confirmed it was a boy!
Zoey was taunted by her friends for having a strange name. She liked her name and wished people wouldn't be so mean. A new show was made that had a main character named Zoey. Zoey's name suddenly became very cool to her peers. Zoey had her name changed when she turned 18.
Miranda just got her driver's license. She took the family van out for a spin. She drove for a long time. But then she realized she was lost. Miranda was happy about her proud moment.
Bob went to the doctor. The doctor told him that he was overweight. Bob realized that he had to get in shape. He joined a gym and started to watch what he ate. Bob got in shape.
Lonnie was trying to figure out what majors to take in college. He knew that his end goal was to be a teacher. He asked the career counselor for advice. The counselor gave him a list of prerequisites. Lonnie threw the list away.
Sherry liked to explore the outdoors. She decided to hike in the state park on a sunny day. While walking along a creek she saw something shiny. Bending down, she picked up the shiny item. She picked up a knife covered with rust.
Phil went for a walk in the park. It was a warm breezy day. He ran into a few friends along his walk. One of them offered him a drink. Phil was angry at his friends.
Dorothy's cat was pregnant. She didn't know how it happened. She convinced the family to keep the kittens. It wound up having 7 kittens. Dorothy went to the pet store and bought a new hamster.
Jeremy's mother didn't approve of his lifestyle. When he was 21, Jeremy decided to move out. He found an apartment in a nearby state with a new job. After several Years he cleaned up, and finances his own life. Jeremy enjoyed being more responsible.
Terry realizes his neighborhood has become covered in litter. He wishes it looked as clean as it did when he was young. He decides to pick up cans and cigarette butts every night after work. Eventually his neighbors do too and his neighborhood looks better. Everyone felt better that it was cleaner.
I wanted to take a shower after work. I got my clothes and towel from the closet. I went into the bathroom and turned on the shower. I got undressed. Then I stepped into the hot shower.
I approached the front of my school. Since my brother was at work, I had to wait for him to pick me up. Several hours later, I was impatiently waiting. He eventually came before night time. I was glad to be home early from school that day.
Barry loved to lift weights. He only used his special barbell to lift weights. One day he forgot to bring his barbell! He decided to do cardio instead of lifting. He still ended up having a great workout.
Amber had been working a lot lately. It was stressing her out a great deal due to other personal issues. She had been dying for a day off to relax. On her day off she hung out with boyfriend Rob They relaxed all day and Amber felt much better.
Carl joined the military right after high school. He signed a short contract that put him on the front lines. His best friend was killed in front of him. Happiness became a foreign concept to Carl. Carl had to go to therapy for post-traumatic stress disorder.
Eddie liked to watch people use metal detectors on the beach. He watched one man for a while. It had been over an hour and the man hadn't found anything yet. Eddie secretly buried a pile of quarters in the sand. And watched the man happily get a ping.
When I first met Janice, she didn't know how to crack a walnut. I couldn't believe she had gotten this far in life without this skill. I offered to teach her many methods to crack nuts. She accepted. Janice is now an expert walnut cracker.
Amy walked home from volleyball practice alone. She called and told her friend Kim she was the worst player. Amy felt like a loser just saying it out loud. Kim reminded her it was the first day, and she would improve. She loved being bad at volleyball.
Beth was taking a shower when she heard a loud knock on the door. She didn't want to answer and waited for it to go away. The next time she took a shower, she heard the loud knock again. But when she rushed out of the shower to answer, no one was there. Beth was deaf.
Joe went to college for art. He graduated with a degree in painting. He couldn't find a job. He then responded to an ad in the paper. Then he got hired.
Bob picked up his glasses from the table. He slipped them in his backpack to wear at school. He needed them to see the board. In science he put them on. Bob was able to read the writing on the board.
I was really nervous before my first middle school dance. I was surprised my crush said yes to begin with. When we finally got the chance to dance I stepped on her foot. It wound up broken. Now, she won't even talk to me.
My friend went out one night looking to find love. He ended up getting pretty drunk. The next thing we knew he was flirting with a gay man. After a while, we lost track of our friend. We found out our friend had gone skiing.
Benjamin went to the park today. First, he hung upside down on the monkey bars. After that, he went sliding down the slide. Then his mom pushed him on the swing and he went really high. Benjamin had fun and then left the park.
Megan and I walked home from school near a busy street. I saw three blue cars pass by in a row. We decided to count the blue cars. Megan and I sat on the curb all afternoon. We then sat down and began to count the cars,
Kelly decided to have a house party. Her parents were going away so she decided to have one. She invited all her friends. When they got there they had a good time. Kelly cleaned up in time and her parents never found out.
James realizes one afternoon that he hasn't left his house all day. He decides he will go for a run in the park. He had a long jog around the lake in his local park. When he gets home he feels tired but satisfied. James is glad he decided to run.
Lars realizes that a lot of snow had accumulated on his deck. He decides he should shovel some of the snow. Lars works long all afternoon until the snow is cleared. When he is done, he goes inside for a shower. When he gets out of the shower he shovels his deck.
Matt suspected his wife Ginny was having an affair. He began to sneakily read her emails. He found some emails that were from another man. Reading them, he saw that his suspicions were true. Matt was very angry.
Mike used to play racketball with Perry. They would reserve a court a couple times a week. But one time Mike hit Perry by accident in the back of the head. Perry was not very happy about that. Mike and Perry got married.
Sydney needed to do the laundry. She sorted her dirty clothes by color. She dumped the first load into the washer. She added the detergent and fabric softener. She continued to do this until the laundry was done.
There was a hurricane coming and we had to evacuate. We packed what we needed and headed to the other side of the island. We waited out the storm there with family. When it was over we packed our things and went home. We decided to go swimming on the beach.
Tom bit into the Snickers bar and felt a jabbing pain. A small pebble in it made one of his teeth snap in half! He rushed to the dentist. Because it was an emergency, they saw him right away. Tom had so much fun that day.
Rufus wakes up and notices that his hat is gone. At first he cannot remember where it might be. Finally he realizes he wore it to the bar last night. Rufus returns to the bar to get his hat. He sees his hat hanging on moose antlers behind the bar.
Alexia was excited to get a new dog. She had wanted a new dog for ages. Finally her parents agreed to get her one. They drove her to the kernel to pick one up. Alexia cried because she wanted a cat instead.
Dan wanted to find the perfect gift for his mother's birthday. He shopped at the mall for hours and was unable to find anything. He came home disappointed and without a gift. His mother saw his face when he walked in and asked what was wrong. Dan yelled at his mom for being picky.
Bill was poor. Bill had a minimum wage job. He could barely pay his bills. Bill decided to get a degree in computer science. Bill made less money as a computer scientist than he did before.
Jane loved her new high heels. She wanted to wear them out. She wore them dancing to the club. Within minutes her feet hurt too much. Jane was anxious to start tap school.
Jose is an immigrant. He and his family came here from Mexico. Jose wants to take a trip to visit his other family members Mexico. He plans diligently and purchases the necessary travel items. Jose vows never to go to Mexico again.
Hannah was feeling very stiff and inflexible. She decided to enroll in Yoga class to improve her flexibility. She was terrible at Yoga and for months she did not improve. But, she decided to stick with it and keep trying. Hannah eventually succeeded.
The teacher announced that there would be a pop quiz. The students let out a collective groan. This was the second pop quiz in a week. As the teacher began handing out the quizzes, the fire alarm rang. The kids were mad they had to be outside.
Carla was worried that her daughter Ann was overextending herself. She'd seen her daughter's free time disappear with her new clubs. It all came to a head when Ann brought home a D on a test. Ann promised to work hard, begging to be allowed to stay in her club. Ann's mom said her daughter could choose one club if she studied.
Gina's family was visiting her grandma in Illinois. It was the first day, and Gina was the last to wake up. She went to the kitchen to have breakfast. The family had already eaten most of the food. Gina was sad and cried.
James had a birthday coming. He wanted a hunting bow. His mother went out and bought him one. He forgot to ask for arrows for the bow. He carved some sticks to use for makeshift arrows.
A young girl named Taylor had always wanted a pet. One day her mother surprised her with a trip to the pet store. They both entered the store and looked around. Taylor had a hard time deciding which animal to adopt. Taylor decided instead to go clothes shopping.
Zeke was throwing a Halloween party. All his friends were dressing up. Zeke thought about being a vampire or a wizard. Then he decided on a scarier costume. Zeke dressed up like a skeleton.
Janet always wanted to be in movies. She finally landed a role in a big film. It was going to debut nationwide last week. Unfortunately it was delayed. Janet was disappointed.
Marge begged her husband Bill for a backyard pool. He finally relented, and the pool was installed. Soon, Marge was throwing weekly pool parties. At one party, she saw a curvy neighbor in a bikini talking to Bill. Marge felt a pang of regret about putting in the pool right then.
Rosie the quarter horse whinnied irritably. Farmer Jones still had not brought her morning oats. Feeling naughty, she snuck toward the apple orchard. Farmer Jones didn't know about the low spot in the fence, but Rosie did! Rosie broke free to head to the orchard.
Rick was at the bar when he saw a driver license on the ground. He asked around if it was anybody's there. Of course it wasn't, and Rick didn't want to leave it with a stranger. So he decided to drive to the address of the license owner. Rick gave the license to the driver and made the driver happy.
I started a diet yesterday. I ate healthy food the entire day! Today I saw pizza in the fridge. My willpower broke and I ate all 5 pieces. I was proud of my willpower.
Sam and his wife were busy packing for their trip. He was really looking forward to this trip. He was excited to be able to spend a lot of time with her. They finished the packing and then smiled at each other. Sam and his wife had a great time together.
Stan wanted to go on an adventure with Eric. But Eric's mom said that Eric could not come out and play. Stan begged and pleaded, but to no avail. Eric sneaked out of his house and knocked on Stan's window. Eric was fast asleep leaving Stan to fend for himself.
Greg like to throw anything he could get his hands on. One day he threw a stone as far as he could. It went through the window of his neighbors house. He was scared but wanted to do the right thing. Greg blamed the broken window on another boy.
Brad went to the beach. He made a sand castle. He jumped into the ocean waters. He swam with the small fish. Brad then went home after a nice day.
Our puppy went outside to play. He rolled in the mud, which got caught in his fur. Once inside the house, we sent him to the bathroom. He jumped in the tub for a bath. When we were finished our puppy was full of mud.
Jerry had just learned to ride a bike and was excited to go for a ride. He started down the street near his house when he hit a pothole. His bike stopped immediately and flip him over it. He lay there screaming for help with no one in sight. Jerry couldn't wait for his next bike trip.
I decided to pay a visit to someone I've been dating online. I never seen her in person, but I trust her. The airplane flight took several hours. When I arrived at the hotel, she said she's in front. I walked in and saw her.
I hired a social media manager. I thought they would drive more traffic to my website. They spent most of their time reading other people's posts. My traffic actually went down in the following month. I decided to give my new social media manager a raise.
Sam's parents were out for the weekend. He decided to host a party. Many people came. The partiers ended up trashing the house. Sam was in real trouble.
Today was the first day of school. I got to wear my new outfit that Mom bought. I met a lot of new friends. My favorite class is music. I hate school.
Sam bought a new television. It would not turn on. He pressed the on button several times. Finally Jeb came over to check it out. Jeb plugged the television in and it turned on.
One day Matilda was extremely bored. So she picked a name and address out of the phone book. She wrote a silly letter to that random person. And the recipient wrote back to Matilda! Matilda was told to not write to them anymore.
Bill and Teddy were at the bar together. Bill noticed a pretty girl. He went up to her to flirt but she didn't like him. He was too drunk to talk properly. Bill and Teddy talked loudly about how stuck up pretty girls are.
Last night was very scary. We had a tornado warning and terrible thunderstorms. Unfortunately my concert for violin was not canceled. I was required to show up but during the performance lights went out. We could not see our sheet music.
Janey and Lynne decided to go to the movies. Janie wanted to see a comedy, but Lynne wanted to see a thrill. When they got to the movie theater, they decided to make a compromise. They chose an action movie that had both comedic and thrilling parts. They were both happy.
Oliva wanted to go shopping. She decided to go to the mall. She found a great sale on shoes. She bought three pairs. Oliva had a great day shopping.
We are moving to a brand new house. Our old house is now too small for our family. We've packed all of our things. I'm very excited to move to our new home. I only hope I get to choose my own bedroom.
Shawn woke and rose from the bed at 8:07 am. He reached for his cigarettes but the pack was empty. Shawn then threw on some sweats and headed to the corner store. There, he purchased a pack of Newports. Shawn smoked them almost immediately.
Nickie had a toy doll. She loved her doll very much. One day she lost her doll. Nickie cried all day. Nickie laughed all night.
Anna has lost twenty pound in three months. Her friends aren't sure what her secret is. Last week they decided to ask her. She said she was working out and eating better. Anna's friends were surprised by her simple methods.
Bob wanted a hamburger. But he also wanted to eat healthier. So he decided to make a veggie burger. Bob thought it wasn't as good as a normal burger. He was excited.
After being injured, Tommy needed to go to the doctor. Quickly, his mother drove him downtown. There were a lot of people in the waiting room! After a while, a nurse came to see tommy. Tommy was then treated and felt much better.
Maggie wanted to paint her room. She wanted to have a pink room. She ask her mom to buy her paint. The next day Maggie painted her room. Maggie loved the color pink.
Ken met a nice man online, and they decided to go on a date. They met at a nice restaurant and shook hands. Ken and his date ordered food and had small talk. While they ate, Ken decided that he really liked the man. Ken asked him for a second date.
Gary has a crush on Jamie. He gets very nervous around her. One day, he tried to show off in front of her. Instead, he fell down a flight of stairs. Jamie came to the rescue and helped him.
Liz decided she was going to try to grow tomatoes. She had never grown anything before. She purchased seedlings from the garden center. All summer she looked after them like they were children! Eventually they grew delicious tomatoes.
Bill wanted a sandwich. He got up and went into his kitchen. He gathered the materials for a sandwich. He made a sandwich. Bill started work on his carpentry project.
Jack had his own pencil. It was blue with stars. One day he couldn't find it. He looked everywhere. He finally found it under the bed.
I went to the store to buy a phone. It was extremely advanced. I brought it home and called all my friends. They wanted to see it too. I was ashamed of my phone.
John was cooking dinner last night. He was making pork chops. Unfortunately, he dropped a pan and burned himself. He had to go to the hospital. John had a miserable evening.
Jenny found someone stole her lunch twice in the break room this week. She asked around and found out who did it. She confronted the person and they denied it. Jenny had security look at the camera footage. They confirmed Jenny's suspicions.
Emma liked to paint. For her friend's birthday, she gave her a painting. Another person saw the painting at her friend's house. She called Emma and asked her to create paintings for her restaurant. Emma was happy to have a new audience for her work.
Tom liked to look at old cars. For his birthday, his family got him tickets to a classic car museum. Tom thought it was a wonderful gift. His family accompanied him to the museum. Tom told his parents he hated them.
Johnny takes a trip down the stairs at his home. Now Johnny has a bruised knee. His mom comforts him. Eventually Johnny feels better. Johnny is more careful on the stairs from now on.
Mike is a busy man. He often eats fast food for breakfast. Mike wanted to enjoy a healthier breakfast. He tried an overnight oatmeal recipe. Mike was ashamed of what he had done.
My teacher showed us how to build a wooden bird house. Everyone began to start on the experiment. I tried connecting the borders with nails. I ended up hitting my finger with the hammer. I went to the hospital to fix my finger that I had broken.
Josh liked watching anime TV shows. When he criticized one of them, its fans got angry with him. Josh didn't understand why they couldn't accept criticism. Josh kept his opinions to himself. Josh enjoys watching anime with others.
John loves to eat at buffets. They are his favorite because he gets to eat as much as he wants. There was this great buffet right near his apartment he would go to. He found out that they went out of business last week. John was sad to hear the news.
Jimbo has been working at the same job for Years. He always takes his smoke break at the same time. This week they got a new boss. The new boss doesn't allow smoke breaks. Jimbo sneaks into a back room to smoke.
Lester was infatuated with Christina. He was a photographer and she was a graphic designer. Lester spent all his free time with Christina. Finally, she said she loved him and wanted children with him. Lester never talked to her again.
I decided I needed to finish a Sunday crossword. I turned off my computer so I wouldn't cheat. I turned off the TV so I wouldn't be distracted. I opened the paper to the Leisure section. I finished the entire crossword puzzle in one hour.
I thought about getting a new hat for my head. After looking through images, I picked one out. This hat is going to be amazing! I quickly went to the store to purchase the hat. The shirt fit perfectly.
Julia baked a cake. When it had cooled, she was ready to frost it. She covered it in pink frosting. Then, she made little frosting flowers. After finishing, her cake looked very tasty.
Whit has a dog. It sleeps all the time. It doesn't just sleep like a normal dog. It snores like a human. Whit doesn't sleep well.
Amy arrived home from volleyball practice and sat on the couch. Her mother walked in and gasped. She told Amy she needed to shower since she was sweaty. They argued since Amy thought it was no big deal. Amy gave in and took a shower.
Today was Pinwheels for Peace Day. My teacher took the class towards the front of the school. Everyone planted pinwheels near the stop. When we looked at the wheels from afar, they were spinning. Our teacher took a photo of the pinwheels.
Beth was expecting her first child. She was home doing light cleaning on a Sunday afternoon. All of a sudden her water broke. Beth was in labor for 2 days. Beth was very happy during those two days.
Mia had never tried falafel. She didn't think she would like it. However, her friends talked her into trying it. She realized it was delicious! Mia liked it so much she decided to learn how to make it.
I was bored when my daughter went to Kindergarten. I began to substitute teach at her school if a teacher was sick. I became very interested in why some kids have a harder time learning. This  led me to take a bunch of classes on special education. I decided to never teach.
Gary always brought his lunch to work. Today Gary couldn't find his lunchbox. He figured he would just buy something out of the machine at work. When Gary took his lunch, he found out the machine was broken. Gary was very upset and went hungry.
Jake was trying to fall asleep. He had an important test tomorrow. He rolled around in his bed all night. He tried drinking a big glass of warm milk. Jake then drank a cup of coffee to stay awake.
I was walking through the park one day. I noticed a man sitting by himself. I walked up to him and asked how he was. He told me about how he was very ill and sad. I decided to listen to my ipod.
Joe was interested in Einstein's General Theory of Relativity. He watched several documentaries about Einstein. Then, he read a book on the Theory of Relativity. Joe learned quite a lot about Einstein's scientific achievements. Joe practiced his kick and was accepted into the soccer team.
Bonnie needed a new job. She searched the newspaper employment section. She found a listing for a job as a nanny. She called the listed number to arrange an interview. Bonnie got the job eventually.
Amy was playing in the back yard with her friends. Suddenly she saw a small snake slither across her arm! She shrieked and ran, but not before the snake bit her hand! Amy was terrified and called an ambulance right away. The ambulance treated her snake bike.
Jerry told all his friends he was running a marathon. He had some of them sponsor him. He never actually prepared for it. He was freaking out on the day of it. Jerry won the marathon.
Dave loved the outdoors. One day he decided to go on a hike. As he walking on the trail, he heard a hissing sound. To his right on the ground was a rattle snake! Dave took pictures of the tall trees.
Logan always loved being outside. One day, while playing outside with his dog, Logan was stung by a bee. He cried in pain and raced home. Logan's mother put ice on the sting until it felt better. He never went near butterflies again.
Skip's grades in school were getting worse and worse. His parents considered getting him a tutor. They noticed, however, that Skip was squinting a lot. They realized he needed glasses and not a tutor. Skip got glasses and improved in class.
Rae's family sat down for Sunday lunch. Rae's brother accidentally spilled his drink. Rae's stepfather yelled and threw his plate across the room. Rae watched the plate shatter into a million pieces. Rae asked his brother for the name of his plumber.
Gina and her friend Lisa were listening to music in the garage. Gina hoped her other friends would come over and join them. She called them, but no one answered. The girls decided to dance to cure their boredom. Gina and her friends turned the music off since it was boring.
The kids were very excited about christmas. They have been good all year. They sent a letter to Santa. Santa responded back in the mail. The letter stated they would be getting no gifts.
I was feeling ill. I scheduled a doctor's appointment. I went to see the doctor. He ran some tests. I told the doctor I didn't need his services.
Christian's school was starting football tryouts. Christian decided to try out for the team. He practiced every day. He tried out for the team. Christian got on the team.
Tim and Gina both hated doing the dishes. They would each alternate which week to do them. Last week Gina wasn't able to get to hers. She had been working longer hours than usual. Tim did the dishes for Gina to be kind.
Timmy asked his mother for a pet. She told him that she could not afford to buy him one. Timmy was sad but he understood what his mother said. The next day, Timmy found a turtle in the creek. Timmy's family had turtle soup.
Jen brought her cat Lee to the vet for a checkup. The veterinarian, Doctor Mike, found three fleas on Lee. Doctor Mike suggested a flea dip to Jen. Jen refused because she did not want Lee to be dipped in chemicals. The vet suggested a flea collar for Jen's pet German shepherd.
Mish got the text telling her she could leave now. Quickly, she ran to her car, keys in hand. She knew she had limited time, so she drove fast. When she got to the train station, she checked her watch. She turned around and drove home.
Gina was searching for her phone in her dad's car. She was sure it would be there. But after checking everywhere she couldn't see it. She ran in the house and grabbed a flashlight. Gina went to bed.
Sarah had an appointment to interview for a job. She put on her best skirt suit and headed to the interview. As she sat at the interview, Sarah noticed a run in her stockings. She was so focused on the flaw, she merely mumbled her replies. Sarah got the job and was praised for her clear voice.
Linda and her boyfriend were hungry. She wanted to eat tacos. He wanted to eat fish. They both felt powerful, and couldn't decide what to eat between them. Linda and her boyfriend didn't want to eat.
Morris buys himself a skateboard to stay active. He brings the skateboard to the park for a day of skateboarding. He notices that he is much older than the other people there. However, they welcome him, and they don't seem to mind his age. The younger skaters taught Morris a lot of tricks.
Ron liked to drink a lot of beer. His dad and his mom were both alcoholics. Ron decided it was best if he didn't drink anymore. He finally quit after 6 months. However, Ron still went out drinking with his friends.
Jane wanted long hair. So she let it grow for months and months. But it became difficult to take care of. And when it was summer, hair long hair made her too hot. Jane loved her long hair and grew it even longer.
Alex awoke to bright sunlight. She looked at her clock alarm. She realized she must have overslept! Alex jumped out of bed. She went back to sleep.
I was eating lunch with friends at a new place. I asked for a Coke. They told me they only had Pepsi products. They asked me if I was fine with that. I asked for a Coke again.
Carl was in Florida and enjoying the day in his house. He was watching tv and out of no where an alert popped up. The alert warn the residents of a chance there will be a tsunami. Carl was scared and began evacuating. He changed his mind and returned to watching TV.
We woke up this morning to light snow falling. We're excited that school is cancelled for the day. Everyone went outside to play in the snow. We built a snowman and used a carrot for the nose. We found rocks to use for his eyes and mouth.
A squirrel had been visiting Joe's backyard. It would get a few feet from Joe then scurry away. Joe was trying to get it to take a peanut from his hand. One day the squirrel finally did. Joe was happy.
Arnold bought a new television. He paid cash. After a couple of weeks it stopped working. He tried to return it but had lost his receipt. Arnold kept and loved his television.
Eric was barely a day over 21. But he already had a drinking problem. Eric woke up and yelped the nearest bar. He hopped in his car half asleep and headed to the place. Eric really enjoyed this new bowling alley, he realized.
Ellie was at dancing as hard as she could at a new club. All of a sudden she realized she felt an unusual breeze. The seam of her pants in the back had ripped all the way open. She quickly backed off the dance floor. Ellie had to find a new pair of pants quick.
Driving home from work the other day I got a flat tire. It was rainy and cold out. I could have called the towing company but chose not to. Instead I changed the tire myself. I was miserable that he had fun.
I found my shoes uncomfortably stiff. I went out and bought some new shoes. I tried to break them in over time. They still felt too stiff for me. I happily played tennis in my new, uncomfortable shoes.
Marcus was just starting his first flying lesson. He was learning to fly small commuter planes. He was nervous to take the plane up in the air. His instructor helped him take off from the airport. Marcus relaxed once they were in the air.
Larry has decided to help out his friends prepare for a party. He needs to bring a salad to the party. Larry slices tomato, lettuce, and other vegetables for the salad. When it is finished, he feels great. Larry decided to stay home from the party.
Sarah had never been on a boat before. Today her mom took her to the pier for her very first boat ride. Sarah was very excited. She stepped on the boat and heard the engine roar. She loved every minute of it.
Neil wanted to see a historical spot on his trip to London. He took a bus tour to an old prison. It was called the Tower of London. Neil learned the history of the impressive tower. He was fascinated.
I bought a backup drive for my wife's iPhone. She was running out of space on her phone. She has 1200 photos on her phone. I tried to back up her photos to a drive, but failed. There were too many photos to upload.
Doug's wife was upset with him. As a way to ask forgiveness he decided to buy her a new car battery. He changed it out and made sure her car was working properly. She appreciated the gesture. Doug's wife was angry.
Grace always loved playing tricks on the teacher. Her favorite trick was to hide all of the chalk from the teacher. One day as she was hiding the chalk, the teacher caught Grace. She was suspended from school for two weeks. Grace decided to stop playing tricks at school.
Jane's mother made a very good apple pie. Jane always wanted the recipe but her mother wouldn't give it to her. One Christmas, she asked her again for the recipe. Jane's mother decided that she would give her the recipe. Jane didn't like to bake.
Mark opened the back door of the restaurant and walked outside. It was the time of the day to take out the trash. Halfway to the dumpster, he saw many birds, feeding on the trash. He had gone hungry before so he knew all things must eat. He felt bad for the birds.
Last night we wanted to order a pizza. Half of us wanted pepperoni. The other half wanted sausage. I made a decision. I suggested we choose a different movie.
Simon noticed a moving truck in front of the house next door. The family moving in had a teenage daughter and Simon was smitten. He worked up the courage to go over and introduce himself. She was shy but friendly and receptive enough to encourage him. He yelled at her and went home.
Johnny was on his local Little League team. One Saturday, his team had a very important game. His parents were able to attend. Johnny's team won the game. Johnny was elated.
Ben was late for class. His teacher yelled at him. He came in late the next day. His teacher wrote a note to his parents. Ben crushes his alarm clock and buys a chicken.
Ally wished for her boyfriend to pick her out a beautiful ring. She left jewelry store fliers on the counter. Next, she circled rings in magazines. She even mentioned them out loud in phone conversations. Ally was very subtle.
I was so excited yesterday that usher released a new song. I immediately purchased it. When I listened to it I was blown away. I immediately put it on my phone. I listened to the song all day.
A new band wanted for their song to get popular fast. They bribed several radio DJs to play their song all at the same time. When people tuned in the radio, the same song played on all stations. They became a huge success overnight. They were very excited about being well known.
Annie was the top gymnast in her class. She received many awards and competed a lot. One day after a competition she remembered overdue homework. Her teacher would not let her turn in the homework. She failed the class.
Patricia was spell-bound as soon as she looked into a microscope. She couldn't believe there was another world she couldn't see. Immediately she knew she was going to become a biologist. The next 8 Years, she studied science in school and college. Patricia eventually became a biologist.
Lily never really enjoyed sports. Over the summer she watched the women's world cup with her family. She was inspired and decided to join a soccer team. The team had been playing for a while and she was behind. She eventually got better.
Marisse went to the auction to look for some items. At the registration desk, they asked her for her credit card. She took out some cash instead and used that as a deposit. She went on to bid on some storage lockers and won two. Sadly, they were both filled with junk.
One year, Jessica went to summer camp. She had a great time. The following year, she was too old to attend the camp. However, she was old enough to work there. She didn't want to have anything to do with that camp.
Gina had gotten her phone back from a teacher. He had kept it 2 days. Her mother was becoming suspicious. Now she would be able to keep it secret that it was ever taken. Gina's mother never found out that her phone was taken away.
Meg couldn't find her favorite gold earrings. She was beginning to suspect the new maid had stolen them! Her husband admonished her to search the house more carefully. Meg realized that perhaps they had been vacuumed up by mistake! Meg checked the vacuum and then found them.
Marcy wondered about the kids. She had been in the kitchen and hadn't heard them in awhile. Usually, when the kids were quiet, they were getting into something. Marcy looked in the bedrooms and didn't see them. The children were in the kitchen eating lunch.
Ori's mom sent him off to the market. She admonished him to remember the brown eggs. But Ori couldn't find them at the market. He had to check three different stores. All of the stores he went to were out of ice cream.
A week before Christmas, Abby and her family got together. They went to a local nursing home, wearing Santa hats. They went from room to room, singing Christmas carols. Some of the patients sang with them. Everyone was miserable and angry.
Maggie and her classmates went to a zoo for their field trip. They saw monkeys, gorillas and panda's first. After that, they saw snakes and lizards! They even got to feed some of the baby animals. Maggie loved her trip to the zoo.
Vianna was a full-time college student. She did not have a job and she needed money. She searched online for ways to make money from home. She found a site named amazon turk and started working from there. Vianna quit working.
Everyone in my family got together for Thanksgiving. It was a long journey for many, but they made it. We all sat together and ate dinner. After dinner, we visited and caught up. We all eventually couldn't stop arguing with one another.
Jim complained that his wife never did the dishes. She then complained that Jim never cooked dinner. The next day they decided to switch their roles. The meal was horrible and dishes didn't get cleaned well enough. They decided they would keep thing that way forever.
Lina has two kids. Lina was cleaning their rooms and realized their drawers were stuffed. She began to sort through the clothes. Lina had a big pile of clothes that were too small for her kids. Lina gave the clothes to charity.
Anna wanted a banana milkshake. Her local ice cream shop didn't have that flavor. She went home and got out her blender. Then she added her own bananas and ice cream. Anna thought her own milkshake tasted just as delicious.
I got into my car and closed the door. I turned the engine on and started to drive. I was headed in the direction of the gas station. It was lunch time and I was starting to get hungry. I decided to never eat again.
Tommy recently landed a position on his school's Debate team. They were having a debate tonight. He was pretty nervous. When he got there, the entire school was watching. Tommy ended up doing well regardless of his nerves.
Jill was a high school student. She dreaded having to go to class. One day, she decided to ditch school. Her parents found out the next day. Jill's parents took her to Disney World.
Alex was getting fits of dizziness. He was so nervous that he checked his symptoms online. The online results convinced him that he had a terrible disease. He scheduled an appointment with his doctor in a hurry. Alex found out his blood sugar was low.
Chris went shopping for a new car. While on the lot, he saw plenty of cars but none that he liked. He was about to leave when he spotted it. The shiny red car was right in front of him, begging him to buy it. Chris bought a motorcycle.
At a party on Friday everyone decided to play musical chairs. The game involved dozens of people. Eventually it was narrowed down to two. It was two girls. The girls ran a marathon.
Henry wanted to play a scavenger hunt for his son's birthday party. A list of items to retrieve was created first. He turned to neighbors and nearby businesses for help. After placing items in appropriate places he had to create the hints. The kids loved the scavenger hunt.
Jake had a hard time making friends at his new school. He had low self esteem and felt didn't deserve to have friends. One day he met John who happened to feel the same way. John and Jake soon became best friends. This made Jake very upset.
Sean was born into an Irish immigrant family. He was always proud of his Irish heritage. His family kept customs, ate Irish food, and watched Irish sports. Sean saved up money and paid for a big trip to Ireland. Sean spent his saving on a new snowboard.
Todd was not careful with his electrical appliances. He plugged in an old toaster with a frayed cord. When he was out of the room, he smelled a strange sound. The toaster had caught fire! Todd had some great toast.
Beth was making mashed potatoes from scratch. After cooking the potatoes it was time to mash them. Her mother didn't have a food processor, Beth had to mash by hand. It was hard work which took hours. Beth was a lazy cook.
John and Sue often kissed at school in between classes. They were told not to do it but they did anyway. One day the principal caught the two kissing. They were both suspended for a week. They both learned their lesson and no longer kissed in school.
Biff wanted to watch a western movie. Biff also wanted to watch a movie in theaters. Westerns had lost favor with the public and none were showing. Biff decided to screen a classic western himself. Biff hated western movies.
After I got out of the bus, I walked to the front of the school. I was happy to see some of my friends again. When I walked into first period, it was very familiar. The teacher seemed very good. I started having a panic attack.
Ashley's dog has fleas and is scratching himself. Ashley was very worried that she would get fleas as well. She went to the store and put flea and tick shampoo. Ashley then went home and gave her dog a bath. Ashley killed all the fleas.
I lived in the South End of Boston from 1968 to 1981. It was a run down section of town. I bought many books there, since they cost only ten cents. I revisited the shop in 1991. It was very different.
My daughter had been begging for a pet. Her birthday was coming up. I visited the pet store to do some research. The workers helped me make a decision. I bought her a dog.
Kaylee always wanted a puppy. On her birthday her parents took her to a farm. There were lots of beagle puppies there. Her parents told her she could pick a puppy for her birthday. Kaylee was really disappointed.
Neil was backpacking Europe. He had just arrived in Dover. He loved how friendly the people were! He also loved their delicious food. Neil was having a great time.
Alice wanted to go to school to become a veterinarian. She worked hard all throughout high school to have good grades. She even volunteered at the local zoo to pad her resume. When the time came, she applied to many different schools. She ultimately decided to become a geologist.
My laptop didn't want to work. It stopped turning on for some reason. I tried a few different things to fix it. Finally I got a new charger off the internet. That is why I only play Frisbee outside.
My laboratory professor was explaining today's lab. He told us not to pour water followed by an acid. While I was looking at my notes, I barely paid attention. When the experiment began, I poured water before an acid in a tube. My professor congratulated me.
Jack liked to take trips on the weekends with his friends. They often liked to go skiing in the mountains. Jack theorized that this weekend would have perfect skiing weather. He told his friends to drive with him up to the resort. He decided that he did not want to go skiing.
Brad was sick with a cold! He wanted to go out and play! He was too weak to move. His mother gave him soup and medicine. Brad's mother was rather uncaring.
Barry had only one thousand dollars left in his bank account. He needed to find a job. He searched for 3 months. Eventually, his money ran out. Somehow, thousands of dollars appeared in his bank account.
Michael likes to go to the beach but has trouble swimming. During a beach trip his friends made a dare to him. They told him to go into deep water and he did. Michael got tired when he was out and started to yell for help. His friends helped him back to the shore.
Juan wanted to make tacos for his family tonight. He went to the grocery store and bought the ingredients. As he was preparing dinner he realized he forgot the tortillas! He wanted to go back to the store but it was closed. Juan went back to the store.
Lena was sick. Lena was sad because she wouldn't see her friends at school. So she took her vitamins. She got better quickly Lena pretended to be sick so she could avoid her friends.
Jim was farting a lot more than usual. His wife became concerned because they smelled unusually terrible. She insisted that he go see a doctor. Jim's doctor told him he is becoming lactose intolerant. Jim's wife was relieved to find the source of the problem.
Tim bought a new lamp today. He went home to set it up. Tim opened the box and followed the instructions. He assembled the lamp within five minutes. Tim then threw the lamp away.
Sandy had taken dance for ten Year's. She was about to graduate and wanted to tryout for dance team. She practiced and practiced. On the day of tryouts, she broke her toe. She did very well in the tryouts.
Gina and her friend Tami were walking to their classroom. Down the hall Gina could see he bully who had tripped her. Gina tried to keep her composure. She took a deep breath and put on a weak smile. Tami told the bully to get lost, and he looked intimidated.
Morgan loved tea. She bought a travel mug to bring tea with her to school. She drank all of her tea on the drive to school. So, when she got to school, she had to fill up with more hot water. Morgan was glad the hot water tasted like coffee.
Beth started collecting dolls. She bought dolls online and at flea markets and antique shops. Soon Beth's house was full of dolls. When a friend came to visit, there was no room to chat in the house. They had to move the dolls to sit down.
Jim was in a go cart race. He designed his go kart by himself. While he raced, his tires fell off. He didn't know what to do. He wasn't able to finish the race.
Bob was warm and tender towards his wife. He wanted to get her a very special gift for Valentine's Day. He asked all the people he knew what he should get her. They all had different opinions, leaving Bob confused. Bob finally went with his instincts and picked the perfect gift.
Ida had tickets to a two-day outdoor music festival. She was sad when it began to rainy on day one. But then she saw that other attendees weren't upset. They just danced in the rainy, so I followed suit. Ida was glad that it didn't rain.
Jeff was walking home to only see a tornado at a distance. Jeff knew he was in danger so he went to a nearby house. He rang the doorbell and asked if he can stay until tornado dies off. The homeowner let Jeff inside. The earthquake lasted several minutes, causing minor damage.
Charles was happy to meet a record company executive on Facebook. Charles asked to write about the executive's artist. The executive said yes, as long as the story was published. Vibe Magazine offered to publish the story on speculation. The executive was very angry at what had happened.
Anna wanted to bake a cake for her mom's birthday. She tried twice, but both cakes fell flat. Then she found a solution. She went to the bakery and bought a cake. Her mother enjoyed the cake greatly.
Ron had just found out that his family was moving to a farm. Ron was nervous. He knew nothing about animals. But when he got to the new home, he was surprised. Ron hated being on the farm because he disliked the animals.
Ron has anger problems. During a trip to the store, he got angry at a slow cashier. The cashier was sassy, and egged him on further. Ron grabbed the cashier by the shirt, and pulled him over the counter. Ron was arrested.
My friend and I decided to start a band and perform for our families. I was singer and my friend played guitar. We practiced in my garage. Eventually, we got pretty good. We performed a small show for our families the next weekend.
A boy Jack had been asking his parents to get a puppy for months. After all the time he asked they finally gave in and said yes. Jack spent about thirty minutes looking online for a puppy. He found one in the area that he lived. Jack then showed the online puppy and pleaded with them to get it.
On a cool Saturday afternoon Amy was in her backyard alone. She was practicing her volleyball skills when her dad came out. He offered to help her practice. Amy was grateful. They practiced together.
Jon loved the night sky. He would spend many of his nights looking at the stars. His mom saw that he loved the night sky. His mom bought him a telescope. Jon used his telescope often.
Jack went on a trip to the store. He really needed to buy some eggs. He looked everywhere but could not find them! He asked the clerk where they were. The clerk told him to find the eggs.
Jimmy climbed on to the counter while his Mom was distracted. He nimbly scurried to where the stove burner glowed red. Jimmy screamed when his outreached hand touched the burner. His Mom appeared instantly and whisked him away from it. Jimmy cried.
Billy buried some treasure in his backyard. He drew a map so he wouldn't forget where he'd put it. Years passed and Billy's family moved. Decades later, he went back and used his map to dig it back up. He found many treasures from his childhood.
My mom took me grocery shopping. She let me pick out all the food. I picked out a lot of candy and snacks! Then, she went to the register and paid for it all. I ate a lot of candy that day.
Mike always had Golden Retriever dogs when he was growing up. Now that he had a steady job, he felt ready to have a dog too. Mike got a Golden Retriever and named him Spot. Now Mike and Spot take walks in the park every weekend. Mike thought Spot was a strange cat, but he liked him.
Joe got fired from his job. He was sad. He needed money for bills. He called  up grant. Grant loaned Joe some money.
Jimmy needed to learn to code for his job. He looked online for a lesson. He found a website to teach him to code. Every day he applied himself to the endeavor. Jimmy then learned to cook well from the tutorials.
Rakesh decides that he would like to cook lobster for dinner. He visits the local seafood market and picks a huge lobster. Rakesh brings it home and boils it in water. He eats the lobster with butter and corn on the cob. Rakesh loved eating lobster.
When I was sixteen I learned to drive. The first time I got into the car I lost track of the brake pedal. I didn't know how to stop! My dad had to turn on the emergency brake. After that mistake, I became much more cautious.
Ron woke up and looked out the window. The street was covered in a foot of snow! School was canceled that day. Ron spent the whole day playing in the snow with his friends. Ron was very unhappy that it had snowed so much.
My brother loved candy. He ate a lot of it. He left the wrappers on the counter. Our mother scolded him for it. She showered him with praise.
Brad wanted eggs for breakfast. Brad was all out of eggs! Brad cried for a long time. Brad's mother came home with eggs! Brad hated his mother for getting the eggs.
Paulo had always wanted to serve in his student council. However, he was worried he wouldn't be elected. Paulo asked many students for their support in the election. Finally on election day, Paulo was elected to student council. Paulo felt proud of his accomplishment.
Patrick's parents raised ducks. One day, Patrick was playing near the ducks. One of the ducks started chasing him! The duck caught up to Patrick and bit him on the leg. It didn't break the skin, but Patrick was scared and cried!
Last night I attended a cocktail party. I wore my new white dress. Everyone at the party loved it. However to my dismay I spilled wine all over it. I was wearing a red dress.
I am a different person than I used to be. I used to be heavyset but I lost weight. I took up swimming and lost the weight. I worked out three times week and ate healthy every day. I am 300 pounds.
Kelly went to a Celtics game yesterday. She loved going to games. The clock was ticking and time was running out. Thankfully the Celtics won. Kelly was mad that the Celtics won and not the opposition.
Jane's girlfriend works at a flower shop. She never gets tired of her work. One day Jane decided to get her a rose. Even though her girlfriend saw many a day she loved it. Jane loves biking, hiking and walking her dog.
Michael loved to go hiking in the woods on weekends. He had never made it to the top of a mountain. One day he climbed very high,and finally reached the top. He could see land and water on the other side of the mountain. Michael loved the view and hoped to return.
Damon lost his wallet with his ID in it. He searched all over the house. He couldn't find it anywhere. He eventually just went and got a replacement ID. The next day, Damon found his wallet under the bed.
David and Mia rarely got to go out since they had young children. One Friday, they were finally able to get away to see a movie. They were looking forward to it so much, but it turned out to be bad! In fact, it was so bad that they could barely contain their giggles. David and Mia thought the movie was profound.
Bob was going to take his daughter to see Grandma. The two drove to Grandma's house a few miles down the street. Grandma welcomed them with open arms. The 3 of them had a big dinner at night. Bob angrily drove home after the meal.
Sue's cat was nowhere to be seen. Sue searched for her cat for hours until she heard purring outside. Her cat was stuck in the tree. Sue called up the fire department. Suzi's cat was saved.
Ava brought home a catfish. She put it into her tank. She wasn't sure how the other fish would react. She watched apprehensively. All the fish got along fine.
I love to go to the movies. I used to go almost every single weekend. There was a theater about ten minutes from my house that was decent. It closed down though and now I have to drive far to see movie. I still go to same theatre that I always have.
I bought a new car today. It is shiny and red. The inside smells so fresh and clean. I love the car so much. I drive the car everywhere I go.
Teresa was an artist. She made a beautiful sculpture of an angel. She entered it into an art contest. The judges liked the sculpture very much. She was disqualified from the contest.
My dog waited for me by the house front door. We walked to the park for playtime and exercise. The dog and I walked around the block before returning home. When we walked through the front door, she took a big drink of water. She was jumping up and down begging for a walk.
Matt found a puppy wandering down the street. It looked lost and scared, so Matt took it home. Matt's mom called some neighbors, and eventually found its owner. The puppy's owner was so relieved to know his puppy was safe! The puppy's owner strangled it and offered Matt the corpse.
Mike bought a new bike to ride in his town. He cycled from his house to a friend's house. On the way he met a group of kids riding bikes as well. Neiter Mike nor the kids were wearing helmets at the time. Mike accidentally collided with the kids.
Lucy placed a pan of food into the oven. She set a timer and sat down to watch television. After awhile, she smelled smoke. Quickly, she checked the timer and realized it never went off. Lucy realized the meal was perfectly cooked.
Tim's history class was first thing in the morning. He arrived to class very tired. He started to nod off. When he woke up, class was almost over. Tim failed the final exam.
Amy called her internet provider for help. She explained her issue to the representative. They person gave an answer that in no way acknowledged her issue. Amy repeated her issue to no avail. Amy hung up the phone angrily.
Sam regretted not starting his history essay earlier. He typed up his closing paragraphs. All of a sudden, his screen was covered in a large blue error message. Sam shrugged and restarted his computer. He was happy about his computer.
Doug and Molly decided to go the park to take a walk. While they were there they found a stray dog. They carried the dog back to their apartment. They posted an ad online to try to find the owner. They ate it shortly after.
Bill's father told him to keep practicing his piano scales. He was an expert pianist, and wanted the same for his son. Bill was too young to understand the value of practice. He bitterly sat at the piano, playing his scales over and over. As Bill got older, he realized all of that practice help him.
Carlos decides to take a walk to get fresh air. Unfortunately, he slips on a wet leaf in the park. Carlos has hurt his knee on this walk. He limps home. After he got home Carlos decided to go play soccer.
Lance wanted to have a romantic evening with his wife. He put the kids to bed early and started dinner. He forgot to check the cooking and burned down the kitchen. His wife arrived to the fire department. His wife was so angry she took the kids to sleep at the Grandmas.
Keith went to a pet store to see the animals. The store had fish, small animals, and a few puppies. The fish were of all different colors and sizes. Keith petted a few of the puppies. Keith watched some of the colorful fish.
Maria wanted to learn Spanish. She decided to fully immerse herself in it. She bought a one way ticket to Spain. After six months, Maria could speak fluent Spanish. Maria was proud to learn a new language so quickly.
Jay got stuck in an elevator on his way out of his office. It stopped between floors and the lights flickered. Jay was terrified! He battled his claustrophobia for two hours. Jay laid down and took a nap.
Ben was babysitting. He had never babysat before and he was nervous. He found that the little boy was fun to watch, though. Soon he and the kid were laughing and playing games. He ended up babysitting to pay for college.
Ted always wanted to be a senator. He finally got the chance to run. He was eager to make a difference. Unfortunately a personal issue derailed his campaign. Ted decided to run for county magistrate a year later.
Julie had a pretty pink ball that she loved to bounce outside. One day, it bounced too far and went into the street. It rolled down the hill and over the curb. It then rolled into the creek. Next time she got a ball she was more careful with it.
The hubby and I decided to have a date night tonight. We haven't had one in almost a year. Mama came over to watch the kids. We went to dinner and a movie. We thanked Mama for her huge favor.
Bob decided to hike in the jungles of Indonesia. He bought a plane ticket and packed his bags. When he arrived, he realized he forgot his malaria vaccine. He decided to hike the jungle regardless. Bob had also forgotten his shoes.
John had had a bike since he was 14. John is now in his early 40's. John's son, Carl, just turned ten. Carl showed interest in his dad's bike in the garage. Carl decided to throw the old bike away.
Kim had eaten deer meat without knowing what type of meat it was. She found the thought disgusting. She ran to the bathroom as she gagged. By the time she reached the bathroom the gagging had subsided. She slowly drank a glass of water to calm her stomach.
Carl looked into a telescope for the first time at 9-Year's-old. He was immediately breath-taken and full of wonder. He decided he had to learn more about the cosmos. He studied science and astronomy through high school and college. Carl then became a garbage man.
Julie had a coworker named Barry who loved to make trouble for others. Barry told Julie, who was new, that she should dress up for Halloween. Julie, who was naive, came to work dressed as a cat on Halloween. She was the only one in costume! Julie gave Barry a hug and thanked him.
James loved to challenge himself physically. He decided to begin training for a marathon. James began running every day before work. Finally James ran the marathon. James was ashamed of what he had done.
I was riding my bike to work one summer morning. I was a little late, so I was in a hurry. I was biking a little recklessly. To my dismay, my reckless biking caused me to get in an accident. From then on, I made sure to leave myself plenty of travel time.
Gina whispered to Mary in detention. The girls giggled together. Gina could tell the teacher wasn't pleased. They continued to whisper. The teacher joined their conversation.
Daniel got home from a night out on the town. He noticed the lights in his home wouldn't turn on. He checked the fridge. It was not on. Daniel turned on the kitchen light and had a snack.
The cop pulled me over at night. He said I had been speeding. He went back to his car. I waited with the lights flashing behind me. I enjoyed talking to the officer.
Melissa was tired of trying to get her son up for school everyday. He was always late going out the door. Melissa asked her mother for advice. She decided to try one of her mother's suggestions out. Melissa's mother suggested putting her son to bed later.
Mark was a pro wrestler. He was getting ready for a big fight. He was nervous but practiced tediously. On the night of the fight he had won all rounds. Mark became famous and made a lot of money.
Rex has always wanted to visit Argentina. He saves up his money for the big trip. Finally he has booked his flight to Argentina. He eats delicious food and drinks many types of wine. Rex vows never to return to Argentina.
Ken really wanted to play the organ. One day he saw one at a yard sale. He stopped by the house and negotiated a price. Ken then loaded the organ into his truck. He then took it to an empty field and burned it.
Jay and Bella loved fish tanks. They had everything they needed for a new tank except for some plants. They set the tank up and ordered some plants from a web site. It took 2 weeks for the plants to arrive. They never used the tank.
May invited her friends for a picnic in the park. After she arrived, she realized she had forgotten the ice! Now none of the drinks would be cold! Luckily, her friends had a sense of humor. They had a wonderful picnic, despite the warm drinks.
Sandra had always wished for a pet turtle. She told her parents she would be responsible for it. At first her parents didn't agree. Eventually Sandra convinced her parents she should get a turtle. Sandra was upset that her parents refused to buy her a turtle.
A group of children played marbles one afternoon. Or at least, they tried to. There was a great deal of arguing. Ultimately, they gave up and played something else. The children decided to play marbles.
Francisco was excited to become an accountant one day. He knew that he would have to work hard to achieve that dream. He studied accounting at the local university. He passed all his exams! Francisco became a plumber.
Jessica wanted to feed the birds without buying feeders. She gathered a bunch of pinecones under the trees. Strands of ribbon were attached to each one. She rolled the pinecones in peanut butter and bird seed. Then she threw the pinecones in the garbage.
Last Friday I ate lunch with my niece. We went to a restaurant that had a jungle theme. My niece was excited because the restaurant was so cool. We ate our meals, and shared a dessert. The restaurant was just too cold.
Betsy comes home late one night and wants to eat something simple. She notices that she has spaghetti and sauce in the house. She quickly cooks and eats a pot of spaghetti. After eating, she falls asleep on the couch. Betsy likes cheeseburgers.
Han and Leia once fought in a great battle together. Leia's brother also fought with them. They were all heros. Many Year's later, Han and Leia had a child. Their child looked like both of them.
Gina was not supposed to use her phone in detention. So when she dropped the phone she knew it was trouble. The teacher held the phone and stared at her. Gina pretended it wasn't her phone. Gina's teacher wasn't fooled at all and gave her more detention.
Jill had problems breathing one day. She went to the doctor and she discovered she had anxiety. She began to practice meditation. Her anxiety is now under control. Jill stopped meditating.
Jan had to pick up her daughter after class. In a hurry, she drove to school in housecoat and slippers. Jan waited in the car for her daughter, who didn't show up. Worried, Jan went to the door of the class to find her daughter. And saw the biggest bear she had ever seen.
Sara was a dancer. She was practicing for her recital. As she went to go on pointe, she heard a loud pop. Sarah broke her big toe. Sara laughed hysterically.
Pat takes a bus from New York to New Jersey every day for work. He doesn't like his commute. Year's go by and Pat is now an old man. He realizes he should have moved to New Jersey Years ago. Pat also thinks he should have taken a job in Connecticut.
Todd played hockey. Tonight was the big game. All his friends would be there. He was nervous. Todd wore a silly costume to his hockey game.
Joan kept waking up from her roommate playing music. She complained that she had trouble sleeping. Her roommate promised to be more considerate. Her roommate began wearing headphones. Joan was thankful that her roommate was so caring.
A man named Pete got off of work. After work, he drove to the gym. He went into the gym and found a workout machine. While working out, Pete worked up a sweat. Pete went to the baseball stadium.
Clare wanted to go for a walk. So she went outside and walked around her block. But the sun began to rise. And Clare began feeling hot. Clare wished she brought a warm jacket.
Nina needed cash for a prom dress. She decided to deliver papers to earn money. She rode her bike passing out papers. After a week, it was time to collect her pay. She earned enough to buy the dress.
Gina and her friend Tami were walking around the playground. They talked for 5 minutes. Now they were out of thing to discuss. Gina racked her brain but could find nothing to say. They just walked comfortably in silence for a while.
Harry was especially talented at computer repair. His mother called him over to fix her computer. He could not figure out what was wrong with it. Finally, he realized the problem. Harry decided not to help and walked away.
I've noticed a lot lately that people are scamming good requesters. Just today I watched them scam a requester I had grown to love. After thinking about what to do I decided to send an email. The requester was very responsive and decided to talk to me. I do not enjoy helping people.
Stacy bought a bag of chips. She took them to the park to eat a snack. Her friend Kevin was also at the park. Stacey shared her chips with Kevin. Kevin thanked Stacy and they enjoyed their time at the park.
Dana's mother came to visit for a week. Dana's husband Glenn thinks her mother is trying to poison him. During breakfast Glenn stomach starts to cramp. Glen becomes outraged. However, Glen hugs his mother-in-law.
Kendall was exhausted. She had about twelve different shows to do this fashion week. The work was tiring. Thankfully the pay was good. Next week she would relax when it was all over.
When I was young we used to drive from Florida to Michigan yearly. We would pack up all our stuff and load them into the truck. We would leave early in the morning to make the most of our time. Driving, eating, and sleeping were the only reasons we would stop. We decided to return home instead.
Gill's favorite character was Columbo portrayed by Peter Falk. Gill had seen every episode. Gill even owned all of them, including the many later seasons. Gill started acting like Columbo sometimes. Her attempts at solving murders, however, were less successful.
Chad wanted to bowl a perfect game. Last Saturday he came close. He had all strikes and only needed two more. He missed his second to last one. Chad scored a touchdown after asking his coach for advice.
He watched in anger from outside the window. The lovers were oblivious to his presence. He burst through the door and was atop them in moments. The other man struggled but he was too weak to prevent his own demise. His cheating wife called the police and he was arrested.
Ivan got bitten by a mosquito on a forest hike. The bite was red and itchy, but it didn't bother him at first. Then it swelled up terribly and became sore. A doctor looked at it and told Ivan the bite was infected! Ivan bought mosquito repellent for his next hike.
Paige was a very good student. She always got the best grades out of her friends. However one week she got very sick. She fell behind in her studies. Paige had to rely on her friends for their support.
One day, John met a cute girl named Jessica. He enjoyed talking to her and spending time with her. John asked Jessica to go out with him on a date. She said yes, and they had a good time. John was glad he asked her on a date.
The flute that sits on the shelf covered in dust. One day a man comes in the store and takes it home. This man wipes away the dust. He starts playing a song. The flute sounded beautiful.
Maggie was scared and excited to go on the space mountain ride. Her and her mother waited in line for what seemed like two hours. When the line was shorter the two got to the front. They stepped in the cars and put on their seatbelts. The ride was very fun for Maggie.
